"Gene"	"Description"
"ADAM15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAM15 (ADAM Metallopeptidase Domain 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Degradation of the extracellular matrix and Notch Signaling Pathway (sino).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SH3 domain binding and integrin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADAM33.
     "
"ADAR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAR (Adenosine Deaminase RNA Specific) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADAR include Dyschromatosis Symmetrica Hereditaria and Aicardi-Goutieres Syndrome 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are ATP/ITP metabolism and Formation of the Editosome.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include adenosine deaminase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADARB2.
     "
"AQP10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AQP10 (Aquaporin 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AQP10 include Pompholyx and Fox-Fordyce Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aquaporin-mediated transport and Nanog in Mammalian ESC Pluripotency.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and glycerol channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AQP9.
     "
"ARHGEF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARHGEF2 (Rho/Rac Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARHGEF2 include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Midbrain And Hindbrain Malformations and Unilateral Focal Polymicrogyria.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and Rho guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARHGEF18.
     "
"ASH1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASH1L (ASH1 Like Histone Lysine Methyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASH1L include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 52 and Pulpitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are PKMTs methylate histone lysines and Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and histone methyltransferase activity (H3-K4 specific).
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KMT2A.
     "
"ASH1L-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASH1L-AS1 (ASH1L Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ATP8B2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP8B2 (ATPase Phospholipid Transporting 8B2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP8B2 include Cholestasis, Benign Recurrent Intrahepatic, 1 and Cholestasis, Progressive Familial Intrahepatic, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway and Cardiac conduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and cation-transporting ATPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP8B4.
     "
"C1orf189"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1orf189 (Chromosome 1 Open Reading Frame 189) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C1orf189 include Nemaline Myopathy 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C1orf43"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1orf43 (Chromosome 1 Open Reading Frame 43) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity, acting on the CH-OH group of donors, NAD or NADP as acceptor and coenzyme binding.
                                            
     "
"CHRNB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHRNB2 (Cholinergic Receptor Nicotinic Beta 2 Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHRNB2 include Epilepsy, Nocturnal Frontal Lobe, 3 and Autosomal Dominant Nocturnal Frontal Lobe Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transmission across Chemical Synapses and Postsynaptic nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and extracellular ligand-gated ion channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHRNB4.
     "
"CKS1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CKS1B (CDC28 Protein Kinase Regulatory Subunit 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CKS1B include Clear Cell Adenofibroma and Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Pathways in cancer and Cell cycle Role of SCF complex in cell cycle regulation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include kinase activity and cyclin-dependent protein serine/threonine kinase regulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CKS2.
     "
"CLK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLK2 (CDC Like Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLK3.
     "
"CREB3L4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CREB3L4 (CAMP Responsive Element Binding Protein 3 Like 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CREB3L4 include Prostate Cancer and Mandibulofacial Dysostosis With Alopecia.
                                            Among its related pathways are NGF Pathway and Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II regulatory region sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CREB3L3.
     "
"CRTC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CRTC2 (CREB Regulated Transcription Coactivator 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CRTC2 include Human T-Cell Leukemia Virus Type 1 and T-Cell Leukemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are LKB1 signaling events and Mitochondrial Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cAMP response element binding protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CRTC1.
     "
"DAP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DAP3 (Death Associated Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial translation and all-trans-Retinoic Acid Mediated Apoptosis.
                                            
                                            
     "
"DCST1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCST1 (DC-STAMP Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCST2.
     "
"DCST1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCST1-AS1 (DCST1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DCST1-AS1 include Ovarian Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DCST2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCST2 (DC-STAMP Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCST2 include Acromesomelic Dysplasia, Maroteaux Type.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCST1.
     "
"DENND4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DENND4B (DENN Domain Containing 4B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are RAB GEFs exchange GTP for GDP on RABs and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rab guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DENND4A.
     "
"DPM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DPM3 (Dolichyl-Phosphate Mannosyltransferase Subunit 3, Regulatory) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DPM3 include Muscular Dystrophy-Dystroglycanopathy  , Type C, 15 and Muscular Dystrophy-Dystroglycanopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and N-Glycan biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include dolichyl-phosphate beta-D-mannosyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"EFNA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFNA1 (Ephrin A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EFNA1 include Cortical Senile Cataract and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Ras signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and ephrin receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EFNA5.
     "
"EFNA3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFNA3 (Ephrin A3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EFNA3 include Breast Cancer and Androgenic Alopecia.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Ras signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ephrin receptor binding and transmembrane-ephrin receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000251246.
     "
"EFNA4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFNA4 (Ephrin A4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EFNA4 include Abnormal Retinal Correspondence and Binocular Vision Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Ras signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ephrin receptor binding and transmembrane-ephrin receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EFNA3.
     "
"FAM189B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM189B (Family With Sequence Similarity 189 Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM189B include Gaucher's Disease.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include WW domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM189A1.
     "
"FDPS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FDPS (Farnesyl Diphosphate Synthase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FDPS include Porokeratosis 9, Multiple Types and Porokeratosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Bisphosphonate Pathway, Pharmacodynamics and Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include geranyltranstransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"FLAD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FLAD1 (Flavin Adenine Dinucleotide Synthetase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FLAD1 include Lipid Storage Myopathy Due To Flavin Adenine Dinucleotide Synthetase Deficiency and Multiple Acyl-Coa Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Riboflavin metabolism and Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include FMN adenylyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"GBA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GBA (Glucosylceramidase Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GBA include Gaucher Disease, Type I and Gaucher Disease, Perinatal Lethal.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Chaperonin-mediated protein folding.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and glucosylceramidase activity.
                                            
     "
"GBAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GBAP1 (Glucosylceramidase Beta Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GON4L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GON4L (Gon-4 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is YY1AP1.
     "
"HAX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HAX1 (HCLS1 Associated Protein X-1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HAX1 include Neutropenia, Severe Congenital, 3, Autosomal Recessive and Severe Congenital Neutropenia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein domain specific binding and interleukin-1 binding.
                                            
     "
"HCN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCN3 (Hyperpolarization Activated Cyclic Nucleotide Gated Potassium Channel 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HCN3 include Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency Of Red Cells and Nemaline Myopathy 5.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Potassium Channels.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel activity and cAMP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HCN4.
     "
"IL6R"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL6R (Interleukin 6 Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL6R include Soluble Interleukin-6 Receptor, Serum Level Of, Quantitative Trait Locus and Interleukin 6, Serum Level Of, Quantitative Trait Locus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Th1 Differentiation Pathway and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and interleukin-6 receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL11RA.
     "
"IL6R-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL6R-AS1 (IL6R Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"JTB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            JTB (Jumping Translocation Breakpoint) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with JTB include Rectum Adenoma and Ileum Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000285779.
     "
"KCNN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNN3 (Potassium Calcium-Activated Channel Subfamily N Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNN3 include Zimmermann-Laband Syndrome 3 and Spinocerebellar Ataxia 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aldosterone synthesis and secretion and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and calcium-activated potassium channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNN2.
     "
"KHDC4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KHDC4 (KH Domain Containing 4, Pre-MRNA Splicing Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"KRTCAP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KRTCAP2 (Keratinocyte Associated Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KRTCAP2 include Granulomatous Disease, Chronic, Autosomal Recessive, Cytochrome B-Positive, Type I and Immunodeficiency, X-Linked, With Magnesium Defect, Epstein-Barr Virus Infection, And Neoplasia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LAMTOR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAMTOR2 (Late Endosomal/Lysosomal Adaptor, MAPK And MTOR Activator 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LAMTOR2 include Immunodeficiency Due To Defect In Mapbp-Interacting Protein and T Cell Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are mTOR signalling and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity and protein-containing complex scaffold activity.
                                            
     "
"LENEP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LENEP (Lens Epithelial Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LENEP include Retinitis Pigmentosa 26.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LMNA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LMNA (Lamin A/C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LMNA include Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome and Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1A.
                                            Among its related pathways are Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LMNB1.
     "
"LOC101928120"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928120 (Uncharacterized LOC101928120) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MEX3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MEX3A (Mex-3 RNA Binding Family Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MEX3A include Koolen-De Vries Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MEX3B.
     "
"MIR190B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR190B (MicroRNA 190b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4258"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4258 (MicroRNA 4258) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR555"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR555 (MicroRNA 555) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR555 include Poliomyelitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are PKMTs methylate histone lysines and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5698"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5698 (MicroRNA 5698) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6737"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6737 (MicroRNA 6737) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6738"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6738 (MicroRNA 6738) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR92B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR92B (MicroRNA 92b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR92B include Coronary Heart Disease 1 and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MSTO1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MSTO1 (Misato Mitochondrial Distribution And Morphology Regulator 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MSTO1 include Myopathy, Mitochondrial, And Ataxia and Fatal Infantile Cardioencephalomyopathy Due To Cytochrome C Oxidase Deficiency.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activity.
                                            
     "
"MSTO2P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MSTO2P (Misato Family Member 2, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with MSTO2P include Gastric Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MTX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MTX1 (Metaxin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MTX1 include Gaucher Disease, Type I and Gaucher's Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial protein import and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTX3.
     "
"MUC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MUC1 (Mucin 1, Cell Surface Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MUC1 include Medullary Cystic Kidney Disease 1 and Syringoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Bacterial infections in CF airways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding and p53 binding.
                                            
     "
"NUP210L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUP210L (Nucleoporin 210 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NUP210L include Donnai-Barrow Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are RNA transport.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUP210.
     "
"PBXIP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PBXIP1 (PBX Homeobox Interacting Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PBXIP1 include Leukemia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription corepressor activity.
                                            
     "
"PKLR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PKLR (Pyruvate Kinase L/R) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PKLR include Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency Of Red Cells and Adenosine Triphosphate, Elevated, Of Erythrocytes.
                                            Among its related pathways are Citrate cycle (TCA cycle) and Regulation of beta-cell development.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include magnesium ion binding and pyruvate kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PKM.
     "
"PMF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PMF1 (Polyamine Modulated Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PMF1 include Plasmodium Malariae Malaria and Galloway-Mowat Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and leucine zipper domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PMF1-BGLAP.
     "
"PMF1-BGLAP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PMF1-BGLAP (PMF1-BGLAP Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PMF1-BGLAP include Plasmodium Malariae Malaria.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PMF1.
     "
"PMVK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PMVK (Phosphomevalonate Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PMVK include Porokeratosis 1, Multiple Types and Porokeratosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Terpenoid backbone biosynthesis and Regulation of cholesterol biosynthesis by SREBP (SREBF).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphomevalonate kinase activity.
                                            
     "
"POU5F1P4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POU5F1P4 (POU Class 5 Homeobox 1 Pseudogene 4) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with POU5F1P4 include Colorectal Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PYGO2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PYGO2 (Pygopus Family PHD Finger 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PYGO2 include Oligospermia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and histone acetyltransferase regulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PYGO1.
     "
"RAB13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB13 (RAB13, Member RAS Oncogene Family) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAB13 include Lymph Node Tuberculosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and protein kinase A catalytic subunit binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000285641.
     "
"RAB25"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB25 (RAB25, Member RAS Oncogene Family) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAB25 include Binocular Vision Disease and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and myosin V binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAB11B.
     "
"RIT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RIT1 (Ras Like Without CAAX 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RIT1 include Noonan Syndrome 8 and Noonan Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ectoderm Differentiation and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and calmodulin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RIT2.
     "
"RPS27"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS27 (Ribosomal Protein S27) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPS27 include Diamond-Blackfan Anemia 17 and Diamond-Blackfan Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPS27L.
     "
"RUSC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RUSC1 (RUN And SH3 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Trk receptor signaling mediated by the MAPK pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and SH3/SH2 adaptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RUSC2.
     "
"RUSC1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RUSC1-AS1 (RUSC1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with RUSC1-AS1 include Porokeratosis 9, Multiple Types and Porokeratosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RXFP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RXFP4 (Relaxin Family Peptide/INSL5 Receptor 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and angiotensin type II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AGTR2.
     "
"SCAMP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCAMP3 (Secretory Carrier Membrane Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SCAMP1.
     "
"SCARNA26A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCARNA26A (Small Cajal Body-Specific RNA 26A) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SCARNA26B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCARNA26B (Small Cajal Body-Specific RNA 26B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SCARNA4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCARNA4 (Small Cajal Body-Specific RNA 4) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SCARNA4 include Dyskeratosis Congenita, X-Linked.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SEMA4A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEMA4A (Semaphorin 4A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEMA4A include Retinitis Pigmentosa 35 and Cone-Rod Dystrophy 10.
                                            Among its related pathways are Developmental Biology and Semaphorin interactions.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEMA4B.
     "
"SHC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHC1 (SHC Adaptor Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SHC1 include Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia, Type Iia and Sclerosing Hepatic Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein tyrosine kinase activity and phospholipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SHC4.
     "
"SHE"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHE (Src Homology 2 Domain Containing E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SHE include Blepharoconjunctivitis and Spinal Muscular Atrophy, Type Iv.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SHB.
     "
"SLC25A44"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A44 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 44) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A12.
     "
"SLC39A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC39A1 (Solute Carrier Family 39 Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC39A1 include Acrodermatitis Enteropathica, Zinc-Deficiency Type and Prostate Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metal ion SLC transporters and NRF2 pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and zinc ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC39A2.
     "
"SLC50A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC50A1 (Solute Carrier Family 50 Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC50A1 include Streptococcal Meningitis and Lutembacher's Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hexose transport and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glucoside transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"SNORA58B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA58B (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 58B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA80E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA80E (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 80E) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SSR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SSR2 (Signal Sequence Receptor Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SSR2 include Synostoses, Tarsal, Carpal, And Digital and Granulomatous Disease, Chronic, Autosomal Recessive, Cytochrome B-Positive, Type Iii.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Viral mRNA Translation.
                                            
                                            
     "
"SYT11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SYT11 (Synaptotagmin 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SYT11 include Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            Among its related pathways are Parkinsons Disease Pathway and Chks in Checkpoint Regulation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and syntaxin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SYT4.
     "
"TDRD10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TDRD10 (Tudor Domain Containing 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TDRD6.
     "
"THBS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            THBS3 (Thrombospondin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with THBS3 include Pregnancy Adenoma and Pseudoachondroplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Focal Adhesion and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and heparin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is THBS4.
     "
"TPM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TPM3 (Tropomyosin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TPM3 include Nemaline Myopathy 1 and Myopathy, Congenital, With Fiber-Type Disproportion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and Pathways in cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TPM2.
     "
"TRIM46"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM46 (Tripartite Motif Containing 46) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interferon gamma signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM36.
     "
"UBAP2L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBAP2L (Ubiquitin Associated Protein 2 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBAP2.
     "
"UBE2Q1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBE2Q1 (Ubiquitin Conjugating Enzyme E2 Q1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Ubiquitin-Proteasome Dependent Proteolysis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and acid-amino acid ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBE2Q2.
     "
"UBE2Q1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBE2Q1-AS1 (UBE2Q1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"UBQLN4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBQLN4 (Ubiquilin 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UBQLN4 include Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 1 and Mumps.
                                            Among its related pathways are Protein processing in endoplasmic reticulum.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and damaged DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBQLN1.
     "
"YY1AP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YY1AP1 (YY1 Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with YY1AP1 include Grange Syndrome and Brachydactyly.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GON4L.
     "
"ZBTB7B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBTB7B (Zinc Finger And BTB Domain Containing 7B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ectoderm Differentiation and NF-kappaB Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF280D.
     "
"ADAMTS4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAMTS4 (ADAM Metallopeptidase With Thrombospondin Type 1 Motif 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADAMTS4 include Osteoarthritis and Arthritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidase activity and metallopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADAMTS1.
     "
"APOA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            APOA2 (Apolipoprotein A2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with APOA2 include Hypercholesterolemia, Familial, 1 and Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and lipid binding.
                                            
     "
"ARHGAP30"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARHGAP30 (Rho GTPase Activating Protein 30) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARHGAP30 include Erysipeloid.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARHGAP32.
     "
"ATF6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATF6 (Activating Transcription Factor 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATF6 include Achromatopsia 7 and Achromatopsia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling mediated by p38-alpha and p38-beta and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATF6B.
     "
"B4GALT3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B4GALT3 (Beta-1,4-Galactosyltransferase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Sweet Taste Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include galactosyltransferase activity and N-acetyllactosamine synthase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B4GALT1.
     "
"C1orf226"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1orf226 (Chromosome 1 Open Reading Frame 226) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DAB2.
     "
"CD244"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD244 (CD244 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD244 include Mycobacterium Tuberculosis 1 and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and Dendritic Cells Developmental Lineage Pathway.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LY9.
     "
"CD48"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD48 (CD48 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD48 include Lymphoproliferative Syndrome, X-Linked, 1 and Cone-Rod Dystrophy 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and Dendritic Cells Developmental Lineage Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include antigen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLAMF1.
     "
"CD84"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD84 (CD84 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD84 include Lymphoproliferative Syndrome and Selective Immunoglobulin Deficiency Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and B Cell Development Pathways.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LY9.
     "
"CFAP126"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CFAP126 (Cilia And Flagella Associated Protein 126) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CFAP126 include Noonan Syndrome 5 and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DEDD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEDD (Death Effector Domain Containing) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DEDD include Ideomotor Apraxia and Teeth Hard Tissue Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEDD2.
     "
"DUSP12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DUSP12 (Dual Specificity Phosphatase 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DUSP27.
     "
"F11R"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            F11R (F11 Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with F11R include Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and Cell adhesion_Endothelial cell contacts by junctional mechanisms.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include PDZ domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is JAM2.
     "
"FCER1G"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCER1G (Fc Fragment Of IgE Receptor Ig) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FCER1G include Bleeding Disorder, Platelet-Type, 11 and Asthma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transmembrane signaling receptor activity and IgE binding.
                                            
     "
"FCGR2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCGR2A (Fc Fragment Of IgG Receptor IIa) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FCGR2A include Cystic Fibrosis and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include IgG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCGR2C.
     "
"FCGR2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCGR2B (Fc Fragment Of IgG Receptor IIb) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FCGR2B include Systemic Lupus Erythematosus and Malaria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview and Osteoclast differentiation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include IgG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCGR2C.
     "
"FCGR2C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCGR2C (Fc Fragment Of IgG Receptor IIc (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FCGR2C include Thrombocytopenic Purpura, Autoimmune and Thrombocytopenia Due To Platelet Alloimmunization.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transmembrane signaling receptor activity and IgG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCGR2A.
     "
"FCGR3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCGR3A (Fc Fragment Of IgG Receptor IIIa) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FCGR3A include Immunodeficiency 20 and Herpes Zoster.
                                            Among its related pathways are Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview and Immune response Role of DAP12 receptors in NK cells.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include IgG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCGR3B.
     "
"FCGR3B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCGR3B (Fc Fragment Of IgG Receptor IIIb) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FCGR3B include Neonatal Alloimmune Neutropenia and Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include IgG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCGR3A.
     "
"FCRLA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCRLA (Fc Receptor Like A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCRL6.
     "
"FCRLB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCRLB (Fc Receptor Like B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCGR1A.
     "
"HSPA6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPA6 (Heat Shock Protein Family A (Hsp70) Member 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSPA6 include Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding and heat shock protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSPA1A.
     "
"HSPA7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPA7 (Heat Shock Protein Family A (Hsp70) Member 7) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and Proteolysis Role of Parkin in the Ubiquitin-Proteasomal Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"ITLN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITLN1 (Intelectin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITLN1 include Pleuropneumonia and Portal Vein Thrombosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Defensins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITLN2.
     "
"ITLN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITLN2 (Intelectin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITLN2 include Pleuropneumonia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITLN1.
     "
"KLHDC9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHDC9 (Kelch Domain Containing 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HCFC1.
     "
"LOC101928372"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928372 (Uncharacterized LOC101928372) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC112543491"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC112543491 (Linc-UFC1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LY9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY9 (Lymphocyte Antigen 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LY9 include Lymphoproliferative Syndrome and Selective Immunoglobulin Deficiency Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic Stem Cell Differentiation Pathways and Lineage-specific Markers.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD84.
     "
"MIR4654"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4654 (MicroRNA 4654) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4654 include Malignant Conjunctival Melanoma and Conjunctival Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5187"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5187 (MicroRNA 5187) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR556"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR556 (MicroRNA 556) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MPZ"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MPZ (Myelin Protein Zero) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MPZ include Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Demyelinating, Type 1B and Hypertrophic Neuropathy Of Dejerine-Sottas.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) and Neural Crest Differentiation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MPZL1.
     "
"NDUFS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NDUFS2 (NADH:Ubiquinone Oxidoreductase Core Subunit S2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NDUFS2 include Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency, Nuclear Type 6 and Leber Optic Atrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and GABAergic synapse.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding and NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) activity.
                                            
     "
"NECTIN4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NECTIN4 (Nectin Cell Adhesion Molecule 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NECTIN4 include Ectodermal Dysplasia-Syndactyly Syndrome 1 and Ectodermal Dysplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Adhesion and Cell junction organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NECTIN3.
     "
"NIT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NIT1 (Nitrilase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NIT1 include Amelogenesis Imperfecta, Type Iv and Pancreatic Cystadenoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, acting on carbon-nitrogen (but not peptide) bonds and nitrilase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NIT2.
     "
"NOS1AP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOS1AP (Nitric Oxide Synthase 1 Adaptor Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOS1AP include Long Qt Syndrome 1 and Paranoid Personality Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian entrainment and Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) Susceptibility Pathways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nitric-oxide synthase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUMB.
     "
"NR1I3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NR1I3 (Nuclear Receptor Subfamily 1 Group I Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NR1I3 include Biliary Tract Disease and Chromosome 9Q Deletion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Phenytoin Pathway, Pharmacokinetics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription coactivator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NR1I2.
     "
"OLFML2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OLFML2B (Olfactomedin Like 2B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include extracellular matrix binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OLFML2A.
     "
"PCP4L1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCP4L1 (Purkinje Cell Protein 4 Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PCP4.
     "
"PFDN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PFDN2 (Prefoldin Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PFDN2 include Short-Rib Thoracic Dysplasia 4 With Or Without Polydactyly and Variegate Porphyria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chaperonin-mediated protein folding and Cooperation of Prefoldin and TriC/CCT  in actin and tubulin folding.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding and protein binding involved in protein folding.
                                            
     "
"PPOX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPOX (Protoporphyrinogen Oxidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPOX include Variegate Porphyria and Constipation.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Porphyrin and chlorophyll metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and oxygen-dependent protoporphyrinogen oxidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAOB.
     "
"RPL31P11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL31P11 (Ribosomal Protein L31 Pseudogene 11) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SDHC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SDHC (Succinate Dehydrogenase Complex Subunit C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SDHC include Paragangliomas 3 and Paraganglioma And Gastric Stromal Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Citrate cycle (TCA cycle) and Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heme binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on the CH-CH group of donors.
                                            
     "
"SH2D1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SH2D1B (SH2 Domain Containing 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SH2D1B include Benign Paroxysmal Positional Nystagmus and Superior Mesenteric Artery Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein binding, bridging.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is INPPL1.
     "
"SLAMF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLAMF1 (Signaling Lymphocytic Activation Molecule Family Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLAMF1 include Measles and Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Dendritic Cells Developmental Lineage Pathway and T Cell Co-Signaling Pathway: Ligand-Receptor Interactions.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include antigen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LY9.
     "
"SLAMF6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLAMF6 (SLAM Family Member 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLAMF6 include Bare Lymphocyte Syndrome, Type I and Lymphoproliferative Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD84.
     "
"SLAMF7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLAMF7 (SLAM Family Member 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLAMF7 include Submandibular Gland Disease and Smoldering Myeloma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD84.
     "
"SPATA46"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPATA46 (Spermatogenesis Associated 46) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPATA46 include Granulomatous Dermatitis and Omenn Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TOMM40L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TOMM40L (Translocase Of Outer Mitochondrial Membrane 40 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include porin activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TOMM40.
     "
"TSTD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TSTD1 (Thiosulfate Sulfurtransferase Like Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CEP41.
     "
"UFC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UFC1 (Ubiquitin-Fold Modifier Conjugating Enzyme 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UFC1 include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Spasticity And Poor Growth and Osteoarthritis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include UFM1 transferase activity.
                                            
     "
"UHMK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UHMK1 (U2AF Homology Motif Kinase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UHMK1 include Schizophrenia and Wilson-Turner X-Linked Mental Retardation Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are GPCR Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is U2AF2.
     "
"USF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USF1 (Upstream Transcription Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with USF1 include Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined, 1 and Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined, 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling mediated by p38-alpha and p38-beta.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USF2.
     "
"USP21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USP21 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and TNF signaling (REACTOME).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and cysteine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USP2.
     "
"C1orf105"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1orf105 (Chromosome 1 Open Reading Frame 105) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C1orf105 include Glycosylphosphatidylinositol Biosynthesis Defect 16.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DNM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNM3 (Dynamin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DNM3 include Optic Atrophy With Or Without Deafness, Ophthalmoplegia, Myopathy, Ataxia, And Neuropathy and Centronuclear Myopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endocytic Trafficking of EGFR and Notch Signaling Pathway (WikiPathways).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNM2.
     "
"DNM3-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNM3-IT1 (DNM3 Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DNM3OS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNM3OS (DNM3 Opposite Strand/Antisense RNA) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DNM3OS include Ovarian Epithelial Cancer and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"EEF1AKNMT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EEF1AKNMT (EEF1A Lysine And N-Terminal Methyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EEF1AKNMT include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 26, Modifier Of and Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 26.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EEF1AKMT4.
     "
"FASLG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FASLG (Fas Ligand) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FASLG include Autoimmune Lymphoproliferative Syndrome and Lung Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and tumor necrosis factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFSF15.
     "
"FMO1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FMO1 (Flavin Containing Dimethylaniline Monoxygenase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FMO1 include Trimethylaminuria and Epiphyseal Dysplasia, Multiple, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and monooxygenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FMO2.
     "
"FMO2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FMO2 (Flavin Containing Dimethylaniline Monoxygenase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FMO2 include Trimethylaminuria and Prader-Willi Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and monooxygenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FMO1.
     "
"FMO3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FMO3 (Flavin Containing Dimethylaniline Monoxygenase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FMO3 include Trimethylaminuria and Primary Trimethylaminuria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and NADP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FMO2.
     "
"FMO4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FMO4 (Flavin Containing Dimethylaniline Monoxygenase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FMO4 include Trimethylaminuria and Prader-Willi Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Busulfan Pathway, Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and NADP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FMO2.
     "
"FMO6P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FMO6P (Flavin Containing Dimethylaniline Monoxygenase 6, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with FMO6P include Trimethylaminuria.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and NADP binding.
                                            
     "
"MIR1295A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1295A (MicroRNA 1295a) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR1295B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1295B (MicroRNA 1295b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR199A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR199A2 (MicroRNA 199a-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR199A2 include Pancreatitis, Hereditary and Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and Cell Differentiation - Index.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR214"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR214 (MicroRNA 214) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR214 include Cervical Cancer and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3120"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3120 (MicroRNA 3120) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MROH9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MROH9 (Maestro Heat Like Repeat Family Member 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MROH5.
     "
"MYOC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYOC (Myocilin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MYOC include Glaucoma 1, Open Angle, A and Glaucoma 3, Primary Congenital, A.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include frizzled binding and fibronectin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OLFM1.
     "
"MYOCOS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYOCOS (Myocilin Opposite Strand) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PIGC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PIGC (Phosphatidylinositol Glycan Anchor Biosynthesis Class C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PIGC include Glycosylphosphatidylinositol Biosynthesis Defect 16 and Autosomal Recessive Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatidylinositol N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"PRRC2C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRRC2C (Proline Rich Coiled-Coil 2C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRRC2C include Spastic Paraplegia 8, Autosomal Dominant and Encephalopathy, Ethylmalonic.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein C-terminus binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRRC2B.
     "
"SUCO"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SUCO (SUN Domain Containing Ossification Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SUCO include Gamma Heavy Chain Disease and Heavy Chain Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TOP1P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TOP1P1 (DNA Topoisomerase I Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"VAMP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VAMP4 (Vesicle Associated Membrane Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VAMP4 include Chronic Interstitial Cystitis and Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are Nicotine Pathway (Dopaminergic Neuron), Pharmacodynamics and wtCFTR and delta508-CFTR traffic / Generic schema (norm and CF).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SNARE binding and SNAP receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000263620.
     "
"AVPR1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AVPR1B (Arginine Vasopressin Receptor 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AVPR1B include Bronchial Neuroendocrine Tumor and Acth-Dependent Cushing Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and protein kinase C binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AVPR1A.
     "
"BLACAT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BLACAT1 (Bladder Cancer Associated Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with BLACAT1 include Bladder Cancer and Cervical Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CDK18"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDK18 (Cyclin Dependent Kinase 18) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDK18 include Common Wart.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDK17.
     "
"CNTN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTN2 (Contactin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTN2 include Epilepsy, Familial Adult Myoclonic, 5 and Benign Adult Familial Myoclonic Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) and L1CAM interactions.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNTN1.
     "
"CTSE"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTSE (Cathepsin E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTSE include Gastric Papillary Adenocarcinoma and Rosai-Dorfman Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and aspartic-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PGA5.
     "
"DSTYK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DSTYK (Dual Serine/Threonine And Tyrosine Protein Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DSTYK include Spastic Paraplegia 23, Autosomal Recessive and Congenital Anomalies Of Kidney And Urinary Tract 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WNK1.
     "
"ELK4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ELK4 (ETS Transcription Factor ELK4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are NGF Pathway and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ELK3.
     "
"FAM72A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM72A (Family With Sequence Similarity 72 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM72A include Acrocapitofemoral Dysplasia and Noonan Syndrome 2.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM72B.
     "
"FAM72C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM72C (Family With Sequence Similarity 72 Member C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM72D.
     "
"IKBKE"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IKBKE (Inhibitor Of Nuclear Factor Kappa B Kinase Subunit Epsilon) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IKBKE include Rabies and Viral Infectious Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and NGF Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBK1.
     "
"KLHDC8A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHDC8A (Kelch Domain Containing 8A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHDC8A include Zellweger Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHDC8B.
     "
"LEMD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LEMD1 (LEM Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMPO.
     "
"LEMD1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LEMD1-AS1 (LEMD1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LEMD1-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LEMD1-DT (LEMD1 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC284581"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC284581 (Uncharacterized LOC284581) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MFSD4A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MFSD4A (Major Facilitator Superfamily Domain Containing 4A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MFSD4A include Spherocytosis, Type 5.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MFSD4B.
     "
"MFSD4A-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MFSD4A-AS1 (MFSD4A Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR135B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR135B (MicroRNA 135b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR135B include Osteoblastoma and Colorectal Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6769B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6769B (MicroRNA 6769b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NFASC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NFASC (Neurofascin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NFASC include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Central And Peripheral Motor Dysfunction and Demyelinating Polyneuropathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interaction between L1 and Ankyrins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein binding involved in heterotypic cell-cell adhesion.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NRCAM.
     "
"NUAK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUAK2 (NUAK Family Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NUAK2 include Omphalocele.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glucose / Energy Metabolism and Apoptosis and Autophagy.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUAK1.
     "
"NUCKS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUCKS1 (Nuclear Casein Kinase And Cyclin Dependent Kinase Substrate 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NUCKS1 include Scoliosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAD51AP1.
     "
"PM20D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PM20D1 (Peptidase M20 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PM20D1 include Chlamydia Pneumonia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNDP2.
     "
"RAB29"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB29 (RAB29, Member RAS Oncogene Family) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAB29 include Frontotemporal Dementia and Kufor-Rakeb Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and RAB geranylgeranylation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAB32.
     "
"RASSF5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RASSF5 (Ras Association Domain Family Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RASSF5 include Lung Cancer and Myeloproliferative Syndrome, Transient.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ras signaling pathway and B Cell Receptor Signaling Pathway (sino).
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RASSF1.
     "
"RBBP5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RBBP5 (RB Binding Protein 5, Histone Lysine Methyltransferase Complex Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RBBP5 include Retinoblastoma and Kabuki Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription regulatory region DNA binding and histone methyltransferase activity (H3-K4 specific).
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VPS8.
     "
"RHEX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RHEX (Regulator Of Hemoglobinization And Erythroid Cell Expansion) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RHEX include Cortisone Reductase Deficiency and Fuchs' Endothelial Dystrophy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SLC26A9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC26A9 (Solute Carrier Family 26 Member 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC26A9 include Ileus and Meconium Ileus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mineral absorption and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chloride channel activity and secondary active sulfate transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC26A4.
     "
"SLC41A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC41A1 (Solute Carrier Family 41 Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC41A1 include Immunodeficiency, X-Linked, With Magnesium Defect, Epstein-Barr Virus Infection, And Neoplasia and Nephronophthisis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and Metal ion SLC transporters.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cation transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC41A2.
     "
"SLC45A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC45A3 (Solute Carrier Family 45 Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC45A3 include Villous Adenoma and Prostate Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hexose transport and Metabolism.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC45A4.
     "
"SRGAP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SRGAP2 (SLIT-ROBO Rho GTPase Activating Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SRGAP2 include Early Infantile Epileptic Encephalopathy and Chromosome 3Pter-P25 Deletion Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Robo receptor and Signaling by Slit.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and Rac GTPase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SRGAP1.
     "
"SRGAP2D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SRGAP2D (SLIT-ROBO Rho GTPase Activating Protein 2D (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMCC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMCC2 (Transmembrane And Coiled-Coil Domain Family 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMCC2 include Inflammatory Spondylopathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMCC1.
     "
"TMEM81"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM81 (Transmembrane Protein 81) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM81 include Inflammatory Spondylopathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ACBD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACBD3 (Acyl-CoA Binding Domain Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACBD3 include Nonparalytic Poliomyelitis and Primary Pigmented Nodular Adrenocortical Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Clathrin derived vesicle budding and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include fatty-acyl-CoA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMED8.
     "
"ACBD3-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACBD3-AS1 (ACBD3 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with ACBD3-AS1 include Uterine Corpus Endometrial Carcinoma and Retinitis Pigmentosa 11.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CDC42BPA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDC42BPA (CDC42 Binding Protein Kinase Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDC42BPA include Myotonic Dystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling RAC1 in cellular process and Actin Nucleation by ARP-WASP Complex.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDC42BPB.
     "
"COQ8A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COQ8A (Coenzyme Q8A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COQ8A include Coenzyme Q10 Deficiency, Primary, 4 and Autosomal Recessive Cerebellar Ataxia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COQ8B.
     "
"EPHX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EPHX1 (Epoxide Hydrolase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EPHX1 include Hypercholanemia, Familial and Eclampsia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450 and Naphthalene metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include epoxide hydrolase activity and cis-stilbene-oxide hydrolase activity.
                                            
     "
"H3F3A"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H3-3A Gene
             
         
         
                                            H3-3A (H3.3 Histone A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H3-3A include Glioma Susceptibility 1 and Chondroblastoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and ERK Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H3-3B.
     "
"H3F3AP4"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H3P6 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H3P6 (H3 Histone Pseudogene 6) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ITPKB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITPKB (Inositol-Trisphosphate 3-Kinase B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are superpathway of inositol phosphate compounds and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calmodulin binding and inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate 3-kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITPKC.
     "
"ITPKB-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITPKB-IT1 (ITPKB Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LEFTY1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LEFTY1 (Left-Right Determination Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LEFTY1 include Right Atrial Isomerism and Visceral Heterotaxy.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and TGF-Beta Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity and transforming growth factor beta receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LEFTY2.
     "
"LEFTY2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LEFTY2 (Left-Right Determination Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LEFTY2 include Visceral Heterotaxy and Complete Atrioventricular Canal.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity and transforming growth factor beta receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LEFTY1.
     "
"LIN9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LIN9 (Lin-9 DREAM MuvB Core Complex Component) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LIN9 include Algoneurodystrophy and Familial Lipoprotein Lipase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gastric Cancer Network 1 and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01703"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01703 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1703) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6741"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6741 (MicroRNA 6741) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Amino acid synthesis and interconversion (transamination).
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIXL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIXL1 (Mix Paired-Like Homeobox) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MIXL1 include Tricuspid Valve Stenosis and Uterine Inversion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway and Embryonic and Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Differentiation Pathways and Lineage-specific Markers.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and proximal promoter DNA-binding transcription activator activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALX3.
     "
"PARP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PARP1 (Poly(ADP-Ribose) Polymerase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PARP1 include Diphtheria and Xeroderma Pigmentosum, Complementation Group A.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PARP2.
     "
"PSEN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSEN2 (Presenilin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSEN2 include Alzheimer Disease 4 and Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1V.
                                            Among its related pathways are LKB1 signaling events and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include endopeptidase activity and aspartic-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PSEN1.
     "
"PYCR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PYCR2 (Pyrroline-5-Carboxylate Reductase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PYCR2 include Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 10 and Primary Autosomal Recessive Microcephaly.
                                            Among its related pathways are Arginine and proline metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include NAD binding and pyrroline-5-carboxylate reductase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PYCR1.
     "
"SDE2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SDE2 (SDE2 Telomere Maintenance Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SF3A3.
     "
"SNAP47"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNAP47 (Synaptosome Associated Protein 47) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SNAP47 include Ascending Cholangitis and Cerebral Dysgenesis, Neuropathy, Ichthyosis, And Palmoplantar Keratoderma Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include syntaxin binding and SNAP receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SNAP29.
     "
"SRP9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SRP9 (Signal Recognition Particle 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Viral mRNA Translation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and signal recognition particle binding.
                                            
     "
"STUM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STUM (Stum, Mechanosensory Transduction Mediator Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STUM include Schwartz-Jampel Syndrome, Type 1 and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Axonal, Type 2N.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM63A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM63A (Transmembrane Protein 63A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM63A include Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 19, Transient Infantile and Leukodystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM63B.
     "
"ZNF678"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF678 (Zinc Finger Protein 678) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF43.
     "
"ZNF847P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF847P (Zinc Finger Protein 847, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DISC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DISC1 (DISC1 Scaffold Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DISC1 include Schizophrenia 9 and Schizophrenia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DISC1-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DISC1-IT1 (DISC1 Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DISC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DISC2 (Disrupted In Schizophrenia 2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DISC2 include Bipolar Disorder and Mood Disorder.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00582"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00582 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 582) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00582 include Endometrial Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01744"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01744 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1744) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01745"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01745 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1745) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAP10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP10 (Microtubule Associated Protein 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAP10 include Ophthalmia Neonatorum and Urethritis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include microtubule binding.
                                            
     "
"MAP3K21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP3K21 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Kinase Kinase 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAP3K9.
     "
"NTPCR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NTPCR (Nucleoside-Triphosphatase, Cancer-Related) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NTPCR include Wolfram Syndrome 2 and Blackwater Fever.
                                            Among its related pathways are Thiamine metabolism and superpathway of pyrimidine deoxyribonucleotides de novo biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleoside-triphosphatase activity.
                                            
     "
"PCNX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCNX2 (Pecanex 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PCNX2 include Childhood Absence Epilepsy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PCNX1.
     "
"SIPA1L2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SIPA1L2 (Signal Induced Proliferation Associated 1 Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ras signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SIPA1L1.
     "
"TSNAX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TSNAX (Translin Associated Factor X) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TSNAX include Schizophrenia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Mitotic Prophase.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include single-stranded DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TSNAX-DISC1.
     "
"TSNAX-DISC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TSNAX-DISC1 (TSNAX-DISC1 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with TSNAX-DISC1 include Schizophrenia 1 and Gastric Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TSNAX.
     "
"GEN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GEN1 (GEN1 Holliday Junction 5' Flap Endonuclease) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GEN1 include Cefaclor Allergy and Intracranial Abscess.
                                            Among its related pathways are Homologous DNA Pairing and Strand Exchange and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nuclease activity and crossover junction endodeoxyribonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EXO1.
     "
"KCNS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNS3 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Modifier Subfamily S Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Integration of energy metabolism and Dopamine-DARPP32 Feedback onto cAMP Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel activity and potassium channel regulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNS2.
     "
"MSGN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MSGN1 (Mesogenin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and DNA-binding transcription activator activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MESP2.
     "
"NT5C1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NT5C1B (5'-Nucleotidase, Cytosolic IB) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NT5C1B include Pregnancy Adenoma and Coenurosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are ATP/ITP metabolism and NAD metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and 5'-nucleotidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NT5C1B-RDH14.
     "
"NT5C1B-RDH14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NT5C1B-RDH14 (NT5C1B-RDH14 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are NAD metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and magnesium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NT5C1B.
     "
"RAD51AP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAD51AP2 (RAD51 Associated Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RDH14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RDH14 (Retinol Dehydrogenase 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RDH14 include Bothnia Retinal Dystrophy and Fundus Albipunctatus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Retinoic Acid and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and coenzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RDH13.
     "
"SMC6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMC6 (Structural Maintenance Of Chromosomes 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMC6 include Cornelia De Lange Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and SUMOylation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMC5.
     "
"VSNL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VSNL1 (Visinin Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VSNL1 include Acute Encephalopathy With Biphasic Seizures And Late Reduced Diffusion and Alzheimer Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neuroscience.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HPCAL4.
     "
"ADRA2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADRA2B (Adrenoceptor Alpha 2B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADRA2B include Benign Adult Familial Myoclonic Epilepsy and Epilepsy, Familial Adult Myoclonic, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and alpha2-adrenergic receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADRA2A.
     "
"ANKRD20A8P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANKRD20A8P (Ankyrin Repeat Domain 20 Family Member A8, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ANKRD36C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANKRD36C (Ankyrin Repeat Domain 36C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ANKRD36.
     "
"ASTL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASTL (Astacin Like Metalloendopeptidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASTL include Powassan Encephalitis and Louping Ill.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidase activity and metallopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MEP1B.
     "
"CIAO1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CIAO1 (Cytosolic Iron-Sulfur Assembly Component 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CIAO1 include Xeroderma Pigmentosum, Variant Type.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytosolic iron-sulfur cluster assembly and Metabolism.
                                            
                                            
     "
"DUSP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DUSP2 (Dual Specificity Phosphatase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DUSP2 include Diabetes Mellitus, Noninsulin-Dependent.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and phosphoprotein phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DUSP1.
     "
"FAHD2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAHD2A (Fumarylacetoacetate Hydrolase Domain Containing 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAHD2A include Congenital Disorder Of Glycosylation, Type Iic and Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency, Type Iii.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAHD2B.
     "
"FAHD2CP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAHD2CP (Fumarylacetoacetate Hydrolase Domain Containing 2C, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM95A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM95A (Family With Sequence Similarity 95 Member A) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GPAT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPAT2 (Glycerol-3-Phosphate Acyltransferase 2, Mitochondrial) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Acyl chain remodelling of PE and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring acyl groups and glycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPAM.
     "
"ITPRIPL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITPRIPL1 (ITPRIP Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITPRIP.
     "
"KCNIP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNIP3 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Interacting Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNIP3 include Alzheimer Disease and Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and DREAM Repression and Dynorphin Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and transcription corepressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNIP2.
     "
"LINC00342"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00342 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 342) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00342 include Lung Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC442028"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC442028 (Uncharacterized LOC442028) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC442028 include Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAL (Mal, T Cell Differentiation Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAL include Metachromatic Leukodystrophy and Cervix Uteri Carcinoma In Situ.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include lipid binding and peptidase activator activity involved in apoptotic process.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MALL.
     "
"MRPS5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRPS5 (Mitochondrial Ribosomal Protein S5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MRPS5 include Hypotonia-Cystinuria Syndrome and Lung Papillary Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial translation and Viral mRNA Translation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPS2.
     "
"PROM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PROM2 (Prominin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PROM2 include Jaw Cancer and Maxillary Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cholesterol binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PROM1.
     "
"SNORA112"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA112 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 112) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNRNP200"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNRNP200 (Small Nuclear Ribonucleoprotein U5 Subunit 200) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SNRNP200 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 33 and Retinitis Pigmentosa.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASCC3.
     "
"STARD7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STARD7 (StAR Related Lipid Transfer Domain Containing 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STARD7 include Epilepsy, Familial Adult Myoclonic, 2 and Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Synthesis of PC.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include lipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STARD10.
     "
"STARD7-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STARD7-AS1 (STARD7 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TEKT4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TEKT4 (Tektin 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TEKT4 include Bardet-Biedl Syndrome 5 and Epilepsy, Myoclonic Juvenile.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TEKT3.
     "
"TMEM127"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM127 (Transmembrane Protein 127) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM127 include Pheochromocytoma and Hereditary Paraganglioma-Pheochromocytoma Syndromes.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rab GTPase binding.
                                            
     "
"TRIM43"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM43 (Tripartite Motif Containing 43) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM43 include Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM43B.
     "
"TRIM43B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM43B (Tripartite Motif Containing 43B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM43B include Malignant Glioma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM43.
     "
"ZNF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF2 (Zinc Finger Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF2 include Hypoparathyroidism, Sensorineural Deafness, And Renal Disease and Cryptococcosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZFP28.
     "
"ZNF514"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF514 (Zinc Finger Protein 514) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF514 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF135.
     "
"CNOT11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNOT11 (CCR4-NOT Transcription Complex Subunit 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNOT11 include Wissler's Syndrome and Dermatographia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and TP53 Regulates Transcription of Cell Cycle Genes.
                                            
                                            
     "
"CREG2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CREG2 (Cellular Repressor Of E1A Stimulated Genes 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and FMN binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CREG1.
     "
"IL18R1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL18R1 (Interleukin 18 Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL18R1 include Laron Syndrome and Smallpox.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and TGF-Beta Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include interleukin-18 receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL1RAPL2.
     "
"IL18RAP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL18RAP (Interleukin 18 Receptor Accessory Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL18RAP include Crohn's Disease and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are PEDF Induced Signaling and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL1RAPL2.
     "
"IL1R1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL1R1 (Interleukin 1 Receptor Type 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL1R1 include Schnitzler Syndrome and Aseptic Meningitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Th1 Differentiation Pathway and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and protease binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL1RL2.
     "
"IL1R2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL1R2 (Interleukin 1 Receptor Type 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL1R2 include Endometriosis and Mastitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and IL-1 signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include interleukin-1 receptor activity and interleukin-1, type II, blocking receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL1RAPL2.
     "
"IL1RL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL1RL1 (Interleukin 1 Receptor Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL1RL1 include Allergic Conjunctivitis and Conjunctivitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are PEDF Induced Signaling and Innate Lymphoid Cell Differentiation Pathways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity, downstream of receptor and interleukin-1 receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL1RAPL2.
     "
"IL1RL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL1RL2 (Interleukin 1 Receptor Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL1RL2 include Geographic Tongue and Impetigo Herpetiformis.
                                            Among its related pathways are PEDF Induced Signaling and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include interleukin-1 receptor activity and interleukin-1, type I, activating receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL1R1.
     "
"LINC01127"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01127 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1127) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101927142"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for NPAS2-AS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            NPAS2-AS1 (NPAS2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAP4K4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP4K4 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Kinase Kinase Kinase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAP4K4 include Theileriasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and Ceramide signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNIK.
     "
"MFSD9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MFSD9 (Major Facilitator Superfamily Domain Containing 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MFSD10.
     "
"MIR4772"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4772 (MicroRNA 4772) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5696"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5696 (MicroRNA 5696) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NPAS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPAS2 (Neuronal PAS Domain Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NPAS2 include Anxiety and Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Circadian rythm related genes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLOCK.
     "
"RFX8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RFX8 (RFX Family Member 8, Lacking RFX DNA Binding Domain) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RFX6.
     "
"RNF149"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF149 (Ring Finger Protein 149) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF150.
     "
"RPL31"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL31 (Ribosomal Protein L31) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPL31 include Diamond-Blackfan Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Influenza Viral RNA Transcription and Replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"SLC9A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC9A2 (Solute Carrier Family 9 Member A2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC9A2 include Diarrhea 1, Secretory Chloride, Congenital and Motility-Related Diarrhea.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and CREB Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include solute:proton antiporter activity and sodium:proton antiporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC9A4.
     "
"SLC9A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC9A4 (Solute Carrier Family 9 Member A4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC9A4 include Pseudohypoaldosteronism, Type I, Autosomal Recessive.
                                            Among its related pathways are Salivary secretion and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include solute:proton antiporter activity and sodium:proton antiporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC9A2.
     "
"SNORD89"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD89 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 89) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TBC1D8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBC1D8 (TBC1 Domain Family Member 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBC1D8B.
     "
"TBC1D8-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBC1D8-AS1 (TBC1D8 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM182"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM182 (Transmembrane Protein 182) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ACMSD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACMSD (Aminocarboxymuconate Semialdehyde Decarboxylase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACMSD include Pellagra and Primary Syphilis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Tryptophan metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include aminocarboxymuconate-semialdehyde decarboxylase activity.
                                            
     "
"CCNT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCNT2 (Cyclin T2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCNT2 include Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCNT1.
     "
"CCNT2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCNT2-AS1 (CCNT2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CCNT2-AS1 include Astrocytoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAP3K19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP3K19 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Kinase Kinase 19) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAP3K19 include Optic Disk Drusen.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PAK5.
     "
"MGAT5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MGAT5 (Alpha-1,6-Mannosylglycoprotein 6-Beta-N-Acetylglucosaminyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MGAT5 include Congenital Disorder Of Glycosylation, Type Iia and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity and alpha-1,6-mannosylglycoprotein 6-beta-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MGAT5B.
     "
"MIR128-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR128-1 (MicroRNA 128-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR128-1 include Breast Cancer and Pituitary Adenoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic Stem Cell Differentiation and Cell Differentiation - Index.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3679"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3679 (MicroRNA 3679) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5590"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5590 (MicroRNA 5590) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"R3HDM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            R3HDM1 (R3H Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with R3HDM1 include Ichthyosis, Congenital, Autosomal Recessive 11 and Autosomal Recessive Congenital Ichthyosis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is R3HDM2.
     "
"RAB3GAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB3GAP1 (RAB3 GTPase Activating Protein Catalytic Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAB3GAP1 include Warburg Micro Syndrome 1 and Martsolf Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are RAB GEFs exchange GTP for GDP on RABs and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and Rab guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            
     "
"SNORA40B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA40B (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 40B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM163"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM163 (Transmembrane Protein 163) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZRANB3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZRANB3 (Zinc Finger RANBP2-Type Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZRANB3 include Warburg Micro Syndrome and Warburg Micro Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and endonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHD7.
     "
"ABCB11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCB11 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily B Member 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCB11 include Cholestasis, Progressive Familial Intrahepatic, 2 and Cholestasis, Benign Recurrent Intrahepatic, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glioma and Synthesis of bile acids and bile salts.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and ATPase activity, coupled to transmembrane movement of substances.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABCB1.
     "
"B3GALT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GALT1 (Beta-1,3-Galactosyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B3GALT1 include Gluten Allergy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include galactosyltransferase activity and UDP-galactose:beta-N-acetylglucosamine beta-1,3-galactosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GALT2.
     "
"CERS6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CERS6 (Ceramide Synthase 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CERS6 include Hereditary Sensory And Autonomic Neuropathy Type 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sphingosine N-acyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CERS5.
     "
"CERS6-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CERS6-AS1 (CERS6 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DHRS9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DHRS9 (Dehydrogenase/Reductase 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DHRS9 include Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome and Prostate Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450 and Signaling by Retinoic Acid.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and alcohol dehydrogenase (NAD) activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RDH16.
     "
"G6PC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            G6PC2 (Glucose-6-Phosphatase Catalytic Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with G6PC2 include Fasting Plasma Glucose Level Quantitative Trait Locus 1 and Amelogenesis Imperfecta, Type Iv.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glucose metabolism and Hexose transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glucose-6-phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is G6PC.
     "
"LOC105616981"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for B3GALT1-AS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            B3GALT1-AS1 (B3GALT1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LRP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRP2 (LDL Receptor Related Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LRP2 include Donnai-Barrow Syndrome and Dent Disease 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling events mediated by the Hedgehog family and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and SH3 domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LRP1.
     "
"MIR4774"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4774 (MicroRNA 4774) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NOSTRIN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOSTRIN (Nitric Oxide Synthase Trafficking) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOSTRIN include Eclampsia and Pre-Eclampsia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of nitric oxide.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SH3KBP1.
     "
"SPC25"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPC25 (SPC25 Component Of NDC80 Kinetochore Complex) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPC25 include Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal Hyperostosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            
                                            
     "
"STK39"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STK39 (Serine/Threonine Kinase 39) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STK39 include Neuropathy, Hereditary Sensory And Autonomic, Type Iia and Gitelman Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Diuretics Pathway, Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OXSR1.
     "
"XIRP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            XIRP2 (Xin Actin Binding Repeat Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with XIRP2 include Myopathy, Myofibrillar, 5 and Osteochondrosis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and alpha-actinin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is XIRP1.
     "
"KCNH8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNH8 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Subfamily H Member 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Dopamine-DARPP32 Feedback onto cAMP Pathway and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and ion channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNH4.
     "
"LOC105376975"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105376975 (Uncharacterized LOC105376975) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC339862"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC339862 (Uncharacterized LOC339862) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4791"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4791 (MicroRNA 4791) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4791 include In Situ Pulmonary Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SATB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SATB1 (SATB Homeobox 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SATB1 include Periampullary Adenocarcinoma and Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and Apoptotic cleavage of cellular proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II regulatory region sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SATB2.
     "
"SATB1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SATB1-AS1 (SATB1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TBC1D5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBC1D5 (TBC1 Domain Family Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TBC1D5 include Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and AP-2 adaptor complex binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBC1D2B.
     "
"AZI2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AZI2 (5-Azacytidine Induced 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AZI2 include Vaccinia and Urethritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are RIG-I/MDA5 mediated induction of IFN-alpha/beta pathways.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBKBP1.
     "
"CMC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CMC1 (C-X9-C Motif Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"EOMES"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EOMES (Eomesodermin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EOMES include Microcephaly-Polymicrogyria-Corpus Callosum Agenesis Syndrome and Bilateral Polymicrogyria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Development and heterogeneity of the ILC family and Innate Lymphoid Cell Differentiation Pathways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBR1.
     "
"LINC00693"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00693 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 693) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01980"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01980 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1980) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01981"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01981 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1981) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RBMS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RBMS3 (RNA Binding Motif Single Stranded Interacting Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RBMS3 include Acrofacial Dysostosis, Cincinnati Type and Osteonecrosis Of The Jaw.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RBMS1.
     "
"RBMS3-AS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RBMS3-AS3 (RBMS3 Antisense RNA 3) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZCWPW2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZCWPW2 (Zinc Finger CW-Type And PWWP Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000283563.
     "
"AMT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AMT (Aminomethyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AMT include Glycine Encephalopathy and Atypical Glycine Encephalopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glyoxylate metabolism and glycine degradation and Carbon metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transaminase activity and aminomethyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SARDH.
     "
"APEH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            APEH (Acylaminoacyl-Peptide Hydrolase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with APEH include Barbiturate Dependence and Kidney Cortex Necrosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DPP6.
     "
"ARIH2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARIH2 (Ariadne RBR E3 Ubiquitin Protein Ligase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARIH1.
     "
"ARIH2OS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARIH2OS (ARIH2 Opposite Strand LncRNA) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ATRIP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATRIP (ATR Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATRIP include Seckel Syndrome and Vasculopathy, Retinal, With Cerebral Leukodystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are E2F mediated regulation of DNA replication and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and K63-linked polyubiquitin modification-dependent protein binding.
                                            
     "
"ATRIP-TREX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATRIP-TREX1 (ATRIP-TREX1 Readthrough) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with ATRIP-TREX1 include Vasculopathy, Retinal, With Cerebral Leukodystrophy and Aicardi-Goutieres Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"BSN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BSN (Bassoon Presynaptic Cytomatrix Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BSN include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 7 and Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 93.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neuroscience.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PCLO.
     "
"BSN-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BSN-DT (BSN Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C3orf62"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C3orf62 (Chromosome 3 Open Reading Frame 62) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C3orf62 include Myofibroma and Infantile Myofibromatosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C3orf84"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C3orf84 (Chromosome 3 Open Reading Frame 84) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CAMP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CAMP (Cathelicidin Antimicrobial Peptide) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CAMP include Rosacea and Eczema Herpeticum.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Sterol Regulatory Element-Binding Proteins (SREBP) signalling.
                                            
                                            
     "
"CCDC36"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC36 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 36) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CCDC51"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC51 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 51) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CCDC71"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC71 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 71) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC71 include Basal Laminar Drusen.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCDC71L.
     "
"CDC25A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDC25A (Cell Division Cycle 25A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDC25A include Retinoblastoma and Ataxia-Telangiectasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oocyte meiosis and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and protein tyrosine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDC25B.
     "
"CELSR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CELSR3 (Cadherin EGF LAG Seven-Pass G-Type Receptor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CELSR3 include Bladder Exstrophy-Epispadias-Cloacal Exstrophy Complex and Exstrophy Of Bladder.
                                            Among its related pathways are GPCRs, Other.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and transmembrane signaling receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CELSR2.
     "
"COL7A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COL7A1 (Collagen Type VII Alpha 1 Chain) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COL7A1 include Epidermolysis Bullosa Pruriginosa and Transient Bullous Dermolysis Of The Newborn.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and serine-type endopeptidase inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COL1A2.
     "
"DAG1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DAG1 (Dystroglycan 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DAG1 include Muscular Dystrophy-Dystroglycanopathy  , Type C, 9 and Muscular Dystrophy-Dystroglycanopathy  , Type A, 9.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and MET promotes cell motility.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            
     "
"DALRD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DALRD3 (DALR Anticodon Binding Domain Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DALRD3 include Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency, Nuclear Type 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and arginine-tRNA ligase activity.
                                            
     "
"DHX30"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DHX30 (DExH-Box Helicase 30) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DHX30 include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Severe Motor Impairment And Absent Language and Oculomotor Apraxia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DHX57.
     "
"FBXW12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXW12 (F-Box And WD Repeat Domain Containing 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXW8.
     "
"FCF1P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCF1P2 (FCF1 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GPX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPX1 (Glutathione Peroxidase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPX1 include Glutathione Peroxidase Deficiency and Keshan Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SH3 domain binding and selenium binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPX2.
     "
"IMPDH2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IMPDH2 (Inosine Monophosphate Dehydrogenase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IMPDH2 include Impdh2 Enzyme Activity, Variation In and Brain Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and purine nucleotides de novo biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and oxidoreductase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IMPDH1.
     "
"IP6K2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IP6K2 (Inositol Hexakisphosphate Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are superpathway of inositol phosphate compounds and Inositol phosphate metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate 3-kinase activity and inositol hexakisphosphate 1-kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IP6K1.
     "
"KLHDC8B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHDC8B (Kelch Domain Containing 8B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHDC8B include Lymphoma, Hodgkin, Classic and Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Nodular Sclerosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHDC8A.
     "
"LAMB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAMB2 (Laminin Subunit Beta 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LAMB2 include Pierson Syndrome and Nephrotic Syndrome, Type 5, With Or Without Ocular Abnormalities.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and integrin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LAMB1.
     "
"LAMB2P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAMB2P1 (Laminin Subunit Beta 2 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02585"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02585 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2585) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP4 (Microtubule Associated Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAP4 include Ovarian Clear Cell Adenocarcinoma and Dystonia 11, Myoclonic.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ponatinib Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics and Transcription_P53 signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include microtubule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAP2.
     "
"MIR1226"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1226 (MicroRNA 1226) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR191"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR191 (MicroRNA 191) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR191 include Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Kidney Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR2115"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR2115 (MicroRNA 2115) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR425"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR425 (MicroRNA 425) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR425 include Lung Cancer and Glioma Susceptibility 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4271"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4271 (MicroRNA 4271) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4443"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4443 (MicroRNA 4443) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4793"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4793 (MicroRNA 4793) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4793 include Intestinal Perforation.
                                            Among its related pathways are GPCRs, Other.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6823"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6823 (MicroRNA 6823) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6824"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6824 (MicroRNA 6824) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6890"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6890 (MicroRNA 6890) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are tRNA Aminoacylation and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR711"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR711 (MicroRNA 711) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MST1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MST1 (Macrophage Stimulating 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MST1 include Cholangitis, Primary Sclerosing and Inflammatory Bowel Disease 12.
                                            Among its related pathways are FoxO family signaling and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HGF.
     "
"NCKIPSD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NCKIPSD (NCK Interacting Protein With SH3 Domain) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NCKIPSD include Wiskott-Aldrich Syndrome and Alzheimer Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of actin dynamics for phagocytic cup formation and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SH3 domain binding and cytoskeletal protein binding.
                                            
     "
"NDUFAF3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NDUFAF3 (NADH:Ubiquinone Oxidoreductase Complex Assembly Factor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NDUFAF3 include Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency, Nuclear Type 18 and Leigh Syndrome With Cardiomyopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Metabolism.
                                            
                                            
     "
"NICN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NICN1 (Nicolin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NICN1 include Glycine Encephalopathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000283189.
     "
"NME6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NME6 (NME/NM23 Nucleoside Diphosphate Kinase 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are superpathway of pyrimidine deoxyribonucleotides de novo biosynthesis and purine nucleotides de novo biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleoside diphosphate kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NME5.
     "
"P4HTM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            P4HTM (Prolyl 4-Hydroxylase, Transmembrane) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with P4HTM include Hypotonia, Hypoventilation, Impaired Intellectual Development, Dysautonomia, Epilepsy, And Eye Abnormalities and Dysautonomia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and iron ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P4HA1.
     "
"PFKFB4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PFKFB4 (6-Phosphofructo-2-Kinase/Fructose-2,6-Biphosphatase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PFKFB4 include Fibrous Dysplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Akt Signaling and AMP-activated Protein Kinase (AMPK) Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase activity and fructose-2,6-bisphosphate 2-phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PFKFB1.
     "
"PLXNB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLXNB1 (Plexin B1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PLXNB1 include Breast Cancer and Walker-Warburg Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Development Slit-Robo signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activating protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLXNB3.
     "
"PRKAR2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRKAR2A (Protein Kinase CAMP-Dependent Type II Regulatory Subunit Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRKAR2A include Melanotic Neurilemmoma and Carney Complex Variant.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and DAG and IP3 signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding and cAMP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRKAR2B.
     "
"PRKAR2A-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRKAR2A-AS1 (PRKAR2A Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"QARS"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for EPRS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            EPRS1 (Glutamyl-Prolyl-TRNA Synthetase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EPRS1 include Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 15 and Microcephaly, Progressive, With Seizures And Cerebral And Cerebellar Atrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and tRNA Aminoacylation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is QARS1.
     "
"QRICH1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            QRICH1 (Glutamine Rich 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with QRICH1 include Ververi-Brady Syndrome and Cornelia De Lange Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZMYM4.
     "
"RHOA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RHOA (Ras Homolog Family Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RHOA include Plague and Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and myosin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RHOC.
     "
"RNF123"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF123 (Ring Finger Protein 123) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RSPRY1.
     "
"SHISA5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHISA5 (Shisa Family Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage Response.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and WW domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UHRF2.
     "
"SLC25A20"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A20 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 20) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC25A20 include Carnitine-Acylcarnitine Translocase Deficiency and Hypoglycemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Mitochondrial LC-Fatty Acid Beta-Oxidation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A29.
     "
"SLC26A6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC26A6 (Solute Carrier Family 26 Member 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC26A6 include Spermatocele and Sialolithiasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mineral absorption and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include PDZ domain binding and secondary active sulfate transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC26A5.
     "
"SMARCC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMARCC1 (SWI/SNF Related, Matrix Associated, Actin Dependent Regulator Of Chromatin Subfamily C Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMARCC1 include Rhabdoid Cancer and Kidney Rhabdoid Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Glucocorticoid receptor regulatory network.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMARCC2.
     "
"SNORA94"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA94 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 94) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPINK8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPINK8 (Serine Peptidase Inhibitor Kazal Type 8 (Putative)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SPINK2.
     "
"TCTA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TCTA (T Cell Leukemia Translocation Altered) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TCTA include T-Cell Leukemia and Leukemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMA7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMA7 (Translation Machinery Associated 7 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000225528.
     "
"TMEM89"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM89 (Transmembrane Protein 89) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TREX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TREX1 (Three Prime Repair Exonuclease 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TREX1 include Vasculopathy, Retinal, With Cerebral Leukodystrophy and Aicardi-Goutieres Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytosolic sensors of pathogen-associated DNA and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and double-stranded DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TREX2.
     "
"UCN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UCN2 (Urocortin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UCN2 include Anxiety and Body Mass Index Quantitative Trait Locus 11.
                                            Among its related pathways are Peptide ligand-binding receptors and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and G protein-coupled receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UCN3.
     "
"UQCRC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UQCRC1 (Ubiquinol-Cytochrome C Reductase Core Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UQCRC1 include Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 4 and Anemia, Nonspherocytic Hemolytic, Due To G6pd Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding and ubiquinol-cytochrome-c reductase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PMPCB.
     "
"USP19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USP19 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 19) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Ubiquitin-Proteasome Dependent Proteolysis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cysteine-type endopeptidase activity and thiol-dependent ubiquitin-specific protease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USP15.
     "
"USP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USP4 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with USP4 include Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and TNF signaling (REACTOME).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and thiol-dependent ubiquitin-specific protease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USP15.
     "
"WDR6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WDR6 (WD Repeat Domain 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WDR6 include Tumoral Calcinosis, Normophosphatemic, Familial and Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency, Nuclear Type 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include insulin receptor substrate binding.
                                            
     "
"ZNF589"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF589 (Zinc Finger Protein 589) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF589 include Kleefstra Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF343.
     "
"ADCY5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADCY5 (Adenylate Cyclase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADCY5 include Dyskinesia, Familial, With Facial Myokymia and Chorea, Benign Hereditary.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Oocyte meiosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and phosphorus-oxygen lyase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADCY6.
     "
"ARGFX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARGFX (Arginine-Fifty Homeobox) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Preimplantation Embryo.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARX.
     "
"CASR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CASR (Calcium Sensing Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CASR include Hypocalcemia, Autosomal Dominant 1 and Hyperparathyroidism, Neonatal Severe.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Proton Pump Inhibitor Pathway, Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPRC6A.
     "
"CCDC58"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC58 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 58) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CD86"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD86 (CD86 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD86 include Acute Myocarditis and Myocarditis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Th1 Differentiation Pathway and Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and coreceptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD80.
     "
"CSTA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CSTA (Cystatin A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CSTA include Peeling Skin Syndrome 4 and Exfoliative Ichthyosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Keratinization and Developmental Biology.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and protein binding, bridging.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CSTB.
     "
"DTX3L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DTX3L (Deltex E3 Ubiquitin Ligase 3L) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Notch Signaling Pathway (WikiPathways).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and histone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DTX2.
     "
"EAF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EAF2 (ELL Associated Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EAF2 include Eaf and Prostate Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA polymerase II regulatory region sequence-specific DNA binding and DNA-binding transcription activator activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EAF1.
     "
"FAM162A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM162A (Family With Sequence Similarity 162 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM162B.
     "
"FBXO40"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXO40 (F-Box Protein 40) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXO40 include Muscular Dystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXO30.
     "
"GOLGB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GOLGB1 (Golgin B1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GOLGB1 include Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome 2 and Osteochondritis Dissecans.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Clathrin derived vesicle budding.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            
     "
"HCLS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCLS1 (Hematopoietic Cell-Specific Lyn Substrate 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HCLS1 include Spherocytosis, Type 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Tight junction and B cell receptor signaling pathway (KEGG).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CTTN.
     "
"HSPBAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPBAP1 (HSPB1 Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSPBAP1 include Renal Cell Carcinoma, Nonpapillary and Sigmoid Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HIF1AN.
     "
"ILDR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ILDR1 (Immunoglobulin Like Domain Containing Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ILDR1 include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 42 and Branchiootic Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include high-density lipoprotein particle receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LSR.
     "
"IQCB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IQCB1 (IQ Motif Containing B1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IQCB1 include Senior-Loken Syndrome 5 and Senior-Loken Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Organelle biogenesis and maintenance and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and calmodulin binding.
                                            
     "
"KPNA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KPNA1 (Karyopherin Subunit Alpha 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KPNA1 include Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis and Encephalitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and nuclear localization sequence binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KPNA6.
     "
"LINC02035"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02035 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2035) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC102723582"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC102723582 (Uncharacterized LOC102723582) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR7110"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR7110 (MicroRNA 7110) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Unfolded Protein Response (UPR) and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            
                                            
     "
"PARP14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PARP14 (Poly(ADP-Ribose) Polymerase Family Member 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PARP14 include Pilar Sheath Acanthoma and Factitious Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are IL4-mediated signaling events and UVA-Induced MAPK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include NAD+ ADP-ribosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PARP15.
     "
"PARP15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PARP15 (Poly(ADP-Ribose) Polymerase Family Member 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include NAD+ ADP-ribosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PARP14.
     "
"PARP9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PARP9 (Poly(ADP-Ribose) Polymerase Family Member 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PARP9 include B-Cell Lymphoma and Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include NAD+ ADP-ribosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PARP14.
     "
"PDIA5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDIA5 (Protein Disulfide Isomerase Family A Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDIA5 include Wolfram Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Unfolded Protein Response (UPR) and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and protein disulfide isomerase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PDIA2.
     "
"POLQ"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POLQ (DNA Polymerase Theta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with POLQ include Interdigitating Dendritic Cell Sarcoma and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Double-Strand Break Repair and Chks in Checkpoint Regulation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and damaged DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SNRNP200.
     "
"SEC22A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEC22A (SEC22 Homolog A, Vesicle Trafficking Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and SNAP receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEC22C.
     "
"SEMA5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEMA5B (Semaphorin 5B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEMA5B include Diffuse Glomerulonephritis and Kallmann Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and O-glycosylation of TSR domain-containing proteins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEMA5A.
     "
"SLC15A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC15A2 (Solute Carrier Family 15 Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC15A2 include Cerebritis and Coproporphyria, Hereditary.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and peptide:proton symporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC15A1.
     "
"SLC49A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC49A4 (Solute Carrier Family 49 Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC49A4 include Renal Cell Carcinoma, Nonpapillary and Renal Cell Carcinoma 4.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FLVCR1.
     "
"WDR5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WDR5B (WD Repeat Domain 5B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Aldosterone synthesis and secretion.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WDR5.
     "
"AADAC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AADAC (Arylacetamide Deacetylase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AADAC include Gilles De La Tourette Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and triglyceride lipase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AADACL2.
     "
"AADACL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AADACL2 (Arylacetamide Deacetylase Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AADACL2 include Hypotonia-Cystinuria Syndrome and Agnathia-Otocephaly Complex.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and carboxylic ester hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AADAC.
     "
"AADACL2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AADACL2-AS1 (AADACL2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"AADACP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AADACP1 (Arylacetamide Deacetylase Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CLRN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLRN1 (Clarin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLRN1 include Usher Syndrome, Type Iiia and Retinitis Pigmentosa 61.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLRN2.
     "
"CLRN1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLRN1-AS1 (CLRN1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CLRN1-AS1 include Usher Syndrome and Usher Syndrome, Type I.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"EIF2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF2A (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Photodynamic therapy-induced unfolded protein response and Apoptotic Pathways in Synovial Fibroblasts.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation initiation factor activity and ribosome binding.
                                            
     "
"ERICH6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ERICH6 (Glutamate Rich 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ERICH6B.
     "
"ERICH6-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ERICH6-AS1 (ERICH6 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GPR171"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPR171 (G Protein-Coupled Receptor 171) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPR171 include Cataract 21, Multiple Types.
                                            Among its related pathways are Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G protein-coupled purinergic nucleotide receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY14.
     "
"GPR87"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPR87 (G Protein-Coupled Receptor 87) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPR87 include Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G protein-coupled purinergic nucleotide receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY14.
     "
"IGSF10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IGSF10 (Immunoglobulin Superfamily Member 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IGSF10 include Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency and Duodenal Somatostatinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HMCN2.
     "
"LOC101928105"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928105 (Uncharacterized LOC101928105) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928166"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928166 (Uncharacterized LOC101928166) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MBNL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MBNL1 (Muscleblind Like Splicing Regulator 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MBNL1 include Myotonic Dystrophy and Myotonic Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Adipogenesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include double-stranded RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MBNL2.
     "
"MBNL1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MBNL1-AS1 (MBNL1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MED12L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MED12L (Mediator Complex Subunit 12L) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MED12L include Alacrima, Achalasia, And Mental Retardation Syndrome and Usher Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Thyroid hormone signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MED12.
     "
"MINDY4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MINDY4B (MINDY Family Member 4B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MINDY4.
     "
"MIR5186"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5186 (MicroRNA 5186) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"P2RY12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            P2RY12 (Purinergic Receptor P2Y12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with P2RY12 include Bleeding Disorder, Platelet-Type, 8 and Drug Metabolism, Poor, Cyp2c19-Related.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Nucleotide-like (purinergic) receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G protein-coupled adenosine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY14.
     "
"P2RY13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            P2RY13 (Purinergic Receptor P2Y13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G protein-coupled purinergic nucleotide receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY12.
     "
"P2RY14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            P2RY14 (Purinergic Receptor P2Y14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with P2RY14 include Orofacial Cleft 8 and Usher Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and UDP-activated nucleotide receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY12.
     "
"SELENOT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SELENOT (Selenoprotein T) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SELENOT include Keshan Disease and Rigid Spine Muscular Dystrophy 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Selenium Metabolism and Selenoproteins and Folate Metabolism.
                                            
                                            
     "
"SERP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SERP1 (Stress Associated Endoplasmic Reticulum Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Unfolded Protein Response (UPR) and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SERP2.
     "
"SIAH2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SIAH2 (Siah E3 Ubiquitin Protein Ligase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SIAH2 include Usher Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and transcription corepressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SIAH1.
     "
"SUCNR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SUCNR1 (Succinate Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SUCNR1 include Renovascular Hypertension and Exudative Vitreoretinopathy 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY1.
     "
"TMEM14EP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM14EP (Transmembrane Protein 14E, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TSC22D2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TSC22D2 (TSC22 Domain Family Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TSC22D2 include Keratomalacia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TSC22D1.
     "
"ARL14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL14 (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARL11.
     "
"B3GALNT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GALNT1 (Beta-1,3-N-Acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 1 (Globoside Blood Group)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B3GALNT1 include Blood Group, P1pk System and Blood Group, Globoside System.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Globo Sphingolipid Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring glycosyl groups and UDP-galactose:beta-N-acetylglucosamine beta-1,3-galactosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GALT1.
     "
"IFT80"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IFT80 (Intraflagellar Transport 80) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IFT80 include Short-Rib Thoracic Dysplasia 2 With Or Without Polydactyly and Short-Rib Thoracic Dysplasia 12.
                                            Among its related pathways are Intraflagellar transport and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000248710.
     "
"KPNA4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KPNA4 (Karyopherin Subunit Alpha 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KPNA4 include Chikungunya and Brain Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell cycle_Spindle assembly and chromosome separation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and protein transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KPNA3.
     "
"LINC02067"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02067 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2067) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR15B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR15B (MicroRNA 15b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR15B include Glioma and Gastric Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and Ectoderm Differentiation.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR16-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR16-2 (MicroRNA 16-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR16-2 include Esophageal Cancer and Leukemia, Chronic Lymphocytic.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Differentiation - Index and Parkinsons Disease Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"NMD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NMD3 (NMD3 Ribosome Export Adaptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NMD3 include Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome 1 and Noonan Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ribosome biogenesis in eukaryotes and RNA transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ribosomal large subunit binding.
                                            
     "
"OTOL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OTOL1 (Otolin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OTOL1 include Benign Paroxysmal Positional Nystagmus and Peripheral Vertigo.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COL8A1.
     "
"PPM1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPM1L (Protein Phosphatase, Mg2+/Mn2+ Dependent 1L) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPM1L include Inflammatory Bowel Disease 7 and Inflammatory Bowel Disease 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPM1K.
     "
"SCARNA7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCARNA7 (Small Cajal Body-Specific RNA 7) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SCARNA7 include Exanthema Subitum.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SMC4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMC4 (Structural Maintenance Of Chromosomes 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMC4 include Pleural Empyema and Cornelia De Lange Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Aurora B signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and transmembrane signaling receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMC1A.
     "
"SPTSSB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPTSSB (Serine Palmitoyltransferase Small Subunit B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPTSSB include Hereditary Sensory And Autonomic Neuropathy Type 1 and Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine C-palmitoyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SPTSSA.
     "
"TRIM59"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM59 (Tripartite Motif Containing 59) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000248710.
     "
"TRIM59-IFT80"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM59-IFT80 (TRIM59-IFT80 Protein) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM59-IFT80 include Asphyxiating Thoracic Dystrophy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ABCC5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCC5 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily C Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCC5 include Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma and Choroid Plexus Meningioma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Thiopurine Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics and Blood-Brain Barrier and Immune Cell Transmigration: Pathways Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and organic anion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABCC12.
     "
"ABCC5-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCC5-AS1 (ABCC5 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ATP11B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP11B (ATPase Phospholipid Transporting 11B (Putative)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP11B include Cholestasis, Benign Recurrent Intrahepatic, 1 and Cerebellar Ataxia, Mental Retardation And Dysequlibrium Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Cardiac conduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and cation-transporting ATPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP11A.
     "
"B3GNT5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GNT5 (UDP-GlcNAc:BetaGal Beta-1,3-N-Acetylglucosaminyltransferase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B3GNT5 include Salt And Pepper Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - lacto and neolacto series.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen and beta-galactosyl-N-acetylglucosaminylgalactosylglucosyl-ceramide beta-1,3-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GNT6.
     "
"DCUN1D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCUN1D1 (Defective In Cullin Neddylation 1 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCUN1D1 include Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCUN1D2.
     "
"HTR3D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HTR3D (5-Hydroxytryptamine Receptor 3D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HTR3D include Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Tropisetron Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics and CREB Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include extracellular ligand-gated ion channel activity and G protein-coupled serotonin receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HTR3E.
     "
"KLHL24"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL24 (Kelch Like Family Member 24) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHL24 include Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex, Generalized, With Scarring And Hair Loss and Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex, Generalized.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHL6.
     "
"KLHL6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL6 (Kelch Like Family Member 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHL6 include Lymphocytic Leukemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHL24.
     "
"KLHL6-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL6-AS1 (KLHL6 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LAMP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAMP3 (Lysosomal Associated Membrane Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LAMP3 include Syndromic Oculocutaneous Albinism.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lysosome.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00888"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00888 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 888) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01994"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01994 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1994) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01995"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01995 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1995) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAP6D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP6D1 (MAP6 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include microtubule binding and calmodulin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAP6.
     "
"MCCC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MCCC1 (Methylcrotonoyl-CoA Carboxylase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MCCC1 include 3-Methylcrotonyl-Coa Carboxylase 1 Deficiency and 3-Methylcrotonyl-Coa Carboxylase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation and Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and D-alanine-D-alanine ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PCCA.
     "
"MCF2L2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MCF2L2 (MCF.2 Cell Line Derived Transforming Sequence-Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MCF2L2 include Maxillary Sinus Inverted Papilloma and Maxillary Sinus Neoplasm.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rho guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MCF2L.
     "
"MIR4448"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4448 (MicroRNA 4448) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Parkinsons Disease Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"PARL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PARL (Presenilin Associated Rhomboid Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PARL include Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease and Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity and endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000283765.
     "
"SNORA63D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA63D (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 63D) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA63E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA63E (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 63E) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"YEATS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YEATS2 (YEATS Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with YEATS2 include Epilepsy, Familial Adult Myoclonic, 4 and Macular Dystrophy, Patterned, 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include TBP-class protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MLLT1.
     "
"YEATS2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YEATS2-AS1 (YEATS2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ABCA11P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCA11P (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily A Member 11, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and ATPase activity.
                                            
     "
"ATP5ME"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP5ME (ATP Synthase Membrane Subunit E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP5ME include Complex Partial Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and purine nucleotides de novo biosynthesis.
                                            
                                            
     "
"CPLX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CPLX1 (Complexin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CPLX1 include Epileptic Encephalopathy, Early Infantile, 63 and Myoclonic Epilepsy, Familial Infantile.
                                            Among its related pathways are Synaptic vesicle cycle and Neurotransmitter Release Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include syntaxin binding and syntaxin-1 binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CPLX2.
     "
"CRIPAK"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for ENSG00000288380 Gene
             
         
         
                                            ENSG00000288380  is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ENSG00000288380 include Hypophosphatasia, Infantile and Laryngeal Benign Neoplasm.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CTBP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTBP1 (C-Terminal Binding Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTBP1 include Hypotonia, Ataxia, Developmental Delay, And Tooth Enamel Defect Syndrome and Hypotonia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CTBP2.
     "
"CTBP1-AS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTBP1-AS (CTBP1 Antisense RNA) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CTBP1-AS include Prostate Disease and Prostate Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CTBP1-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTBP1-DT (CTBP1 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DGKQ"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DGKQ (Diacylglycerol Kinase Theta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DGKQ include Retinal Degeneration and Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include kinase binding and phospholipase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DGKH.
     "
"FAM53A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM53A (Family With Sequence Similarity 53 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM53A include Cleft Soft Palate.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM53B.
     "
"FGFR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGFR3 (Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGFR3 include Achondroplasia and Hypochondroplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGFR2.
     "
"FGFRL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGFRL1 (Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGFRL1 include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome and Familiar Ovarian Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and VEGF Signaling Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and fibroblast growth factor-activated receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MCRIP2.
     "
"GAK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GAK (Cyclin G Associated Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GAK include Cataract 8, Multiple Types and Postencephalitic Parkinson Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Clathrin derived vesicle budding and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNAJC6.
     "
"IDUA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IDUA (Alpha-L-Iduronidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IDUA include Hurler Syndrome and Scheie Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chondroitin sulfate/dermatan sulfate metabolism and Glycosaminoglycan metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and L-iduronidase activity.
                                            
     "
"LETM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LETM1 (Leucine Zipper And EF-Hand Containing Transmembrane Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LETM1 include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome and Bronchus Adenoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LETM2.
     "
"LOC100129917"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100129917 (Uncharacterized LOC100129917) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100130872"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100130872 (Uncharacterized LOC100130872) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105374338"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105374338 (Uncharacterized LOC105374338) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105374344"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105374344 (Uncharacterized LOC105374344) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAEA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAEA (Macrophage Erythroblast Attacher) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAEA include Solitary Osseous Plasmacytoma and Epiglottis Neoplasm.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RMND5B.
     "
"MIR571"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR571 (MicroRNA 571) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MYL5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYL5 (Myosin Light Chain 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MYL5 include Primary Cutaneous Amyloidosis and Ventricular Tachycardia, Catecholaminergic Polymorphic, 1, With Or Without Atrial Dysfunction And/Or Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics and Immune response  CCR3 signaling in eosinophils.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and structural constituent of muscle.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MYL10.
     "
"NKX1-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKX1-1 (NK1 Homeobox 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NKX1-1 include Orofaciodigital Syndrome Viii and Twin-To-Twin Transfusion Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NKX1-2.
     "
"NSD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NSD2 (Nuclear Receptor Binding SET Domain Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NSD2 include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome and Skin Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Double-Strand Break Repair and DNA Double Strand Break Response.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NSD3.
     "
"PCGF3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCGF3 (Polycomb Group Ring Finger 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling pathways regulating pluripotency of stem cells.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PCGF5.
     "
"PDE6B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDE6B (Phosphodiesterase 6B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDE6B include Retinitis Pigmentosa 40 and Night Blindness, Congenital Stationary, Autosomal Dominant 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Phototransduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include 3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase activity and 3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PDE6A.
     "
"PIGG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PIGG (Phosphatidylinositol Glycan Anchor Biosynthesis Class G) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PIGG include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Recessive 53 and Hyperphosphatasia With Mental Retardation Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphotransferase activity, for other substituted phosphate groups and CP2 mannose-ethanolamine phosphotransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"RNF212"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF212 (Ring Finger Protein 212) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RNF212 include Recombination Rate Quantitative Trait Locus 1 and Spinal Muscular Atrophy, Type Iii.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF212B.
     "
"SLBP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLBP (Stem-Loop Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLBP include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Transport of the SLBP independent Mature mRNA.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include histone pre-mRNA DCP binding.
                                            
     "
"SLC26A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC26A1 (Solute Carrier Family 26 Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC26A1 include Nephrolithiasis, Calcium Oxalate and Renal Tubular Acidosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include secondary active sulfate transmembrane transporter activity and anion:anion antiporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC26A2.
     "
"SLC49A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC49A3 (Solute Carrier Family 49 Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC49A3 include Hydranencephaly.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FLVCR1.
     "
"SPON2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPON2 (Spondin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPON2 include Drug-Induced Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include antigen binding and lipopolysaccharide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is THSD7A.
     "
"TACC3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TACC3 (Transforming Acidic Coiled-Coil Containing Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TACC3 include Giant Cell Glioblastoma and Gliosarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Notch Signaling Pathway (WikiPathways) and DNA Damage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein domain specific binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TACC2.
     "
"TMED11P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMED11P (Transmembrane P24 Trafficking Protein 11, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM129"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM129 (Transmembrane Protein 129) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity.
                                            
     "
"TMEM175"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM175 (Transmembrane Protein 175) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM271"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM271 (Transmembrane Protein 271) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"UVSSA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UVSSA (UV Stimulated Scaffold Protein A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UVSSA include Uv-Sensitive Syndrome 3 and Uv-Sensitive Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transcription-Coupled Nucleotide Excision Repair (TC-NER) and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA polymerase II complex binding.
                                            
     "
"ZNF141"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF141 (Zinc Finger Protein 141) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF141 include Polydactyly, Postaxial, Type A6 and Polydactyly, Postaxial, Type A1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF732.
     "
"ZNF595"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF595 (Zinc Finger Protein 595) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF595 include Warburg Micro Syndrome 1 and Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF493.
     "
"ZNF718"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF718 (Zinc Finger Protein 718) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF718 include Warburg Micro Syndrome 1 and Warburg Micro Syndrome 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF595.
     "
"ZNF721"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF721 (Zinc Finger Protein 721) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF721 include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF808.
     "
"ZNF732"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF732 (Zinc Finger Protein 732) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF595.
     "
"ZNF876P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF876P (Zinc Finger Protein 876, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"BST1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BST1 (Bone Marrow Stromal Cell Antigen 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BST1 include Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity and NAD+ nucleosidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD38.
     "
"C1QTNF7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1QTNF7 (C1q And TNF Related 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C1QTNF7 include Conduct Disorder.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C1QTNF2.
     "
"CC2D2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CC2D2A (Coiled-Coil And C2 Domain Containing 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CC2D2A include Meckel Syndrome, Type 6 and Joubert Syndrome 9.
                                            Among its related pathways are Organelle biogenesis and maintenance and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CC2D2B.
     "
"CD38"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD38 (CD38 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD38 include Lymphocytic Leukemia and Richter's Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oxytocin signaling pathway and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity and hydrolase activity, acting on glycosyl bonds.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BST1.
     "
"CPEB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CPEB2 (Cytoplasmic Polyadenylation Element Binding Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Oocyte meiosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CPEB4.
     "
"CPEB2-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CPEB2-DT (CPEB2 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM200B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM200B (Family With Sequence Similarity 200 Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM200A.
     "
"FBXL5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXL5 (F-Box And Leucine Rich Repeat Protein 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXL5 include Spastic Paraplegia 38, Autosomal Dominant and Deficiency Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Chaperonin-mediated protein folding.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity and iron ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXL13.
     "
"FGFBP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGFBP1 (Fibroblast Growth Factor Binding Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGFBP1 include Colorectal Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by FGFR2 and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and fibroblast growth factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGFBP3.
     "
"FGFBP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGFBP2 (Fibroblast Growth Factor Binding Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGFBP2 include Intracranial Abscess and Asthma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by FGFR2 and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGFBP3.
     "
"LDB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LDB2 (LIM Domain Binding 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LDB2 include Retinal Detachment and Hypotrichosis 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ectoderm Differentiation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding and obsolete transcription factor activity, transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LDB1.
     "
"LINC00504"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00504 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 504) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00504 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 32.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101929095"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for C1QTNF7-AS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            C1QTNF7-AS1 (C1QTNF7 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PROM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PROM1 (Prominin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PROM1 include Macular Dystrophy, Retinal, 2 and Stargardt Disease 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Embryonic and Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Differentiation Pathways and Lineage-specific Markers and Neural Stem Cell Differentiation Pathways and Lineage-specific Markers.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cadherin binding and actinin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PROM2.
     "
"TAPT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAPT1 (Transmembrane Anterior Posterior Transformation 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAPT1 include Osteochondrodysplasia, Complex Lethal, Symoens-Barnes-Gistelinck Type.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth hormone-releasing hormone receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"TAPT1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAPT1-AS1 (TAPT1 Antisense RNA 1 (Head To Head)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CLRN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLRN2 (Clarin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLRN2 include Usher Syndrome, Type Iiia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLRN1.
     "
"DCAF16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCAF16 (DDB1 And CUL4 Associated Factor 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCAF16 include Myiasis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM184B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM184B (Family With Sequence Similarity 184 Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM184B include Acute Hemorrhagic Leukoencephalitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM184A.
     "
"LAP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAP3 (Leucine Aminopeptidase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LAP3 include Bacterial Vaginosis and Trichomoniasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Arginine and proline metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidase activity and aminopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPEPL1.
     "
"LCORL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LCORL (Ligand Dependent Nuclear Receptor Corepressor Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LCORL include Croup and Ichthyosis, Congenital, Autosomal Recessive 11.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02493"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02493 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2493) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MED28"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MED28 (Mediator Complex Subunit 28) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MED28 include Med23 and Chronic Intestinal Vascular Insufficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding.
                                            
     "
"NCAPG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NCAPG (Non-SMC Condensin I Complex Subunit G) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NCAPG include Croup.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aurora B signaling and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            
     "
"QDPR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            QDPR (Quinoid Dihydropteridine Reductase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with QDPR include Hyperphenylalaninemia, Bh4-Deficient, C and Phenylketonuria.
                                            Among its related pathways are CREB Pathway and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and electron transfer activity.
                                            
     "
"SNORA75B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA75B (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 75B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ART3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ART3 (ADP-Ribosyltransferase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ART3 include Esophageal Candidiasis and Sciatic Neuropathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and NAD metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include NAD+ ADP-ribosyltransferase activity and NAD(P)+-protein-arginine ADP-ribosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ART5.
     "
"CCDC158"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC158 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 158) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MYH8.
     "
"CCNG2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCNG2 (Cyclin G2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCNG2 include Thyroid Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage Response and Mitotic G1-G1/S phases.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCNG1.
     "
"CCNI"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCNI (Cyclin I) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCNI include Epilepsy, Familial Temporal Lobe, 3 and 3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria, Type I.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCNI2.
     "
"CDKL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDKL2 (Cyclin Dependent Kinase Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDKL2 include Papillary Serous Adenocarcinoma and Orofaciodigital Syndrome Vi.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDKL3.
     "
"CXCL10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CXCL10 (C-X-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CXCL10 include Hepatitis C and Endotheliitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and chemokine activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CXCL9.
     "
"CXCL11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CXCL11 (C-X-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CXCL11 include Nasal Cavity Cancer and Nasal Cavity Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and CXCR3 chemokine receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CXCL9.
     "
"CXCL9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CXCL9 (C-X-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CXCL9 include Proliferative Glomerulonephritis and Paracoccidioidomycosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity and CXCR3 chemokine receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CXCL10.
     "
"FAM47E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM47E (Family With Sequence Similarity 47 Member E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM47E-STBD1.
     "
"FAM47E-STBD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM47E-STBD1 (FAM47E-STBD1 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM47E.
     "
"G3BP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            G3BP2 (G3BP Stress Granule Assembly Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with G3BP2 include Mouth Disease and Chikungunya.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is G3BP1.
     "
"LINC02483"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02483 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2483) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928809"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928809 (Uncharacterized LOC101928809) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4450"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4450 (MicroRNA 4450) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4450 include Suppurative Periapical Periodontitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR548AH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR548AH (MicroRNA 548ah) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NAAA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NAAA (N-Acylethanolamine Acid Amidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NAAA include Bleeding Disorder, Platelet-Type, 12 and Thymus Small Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neurotransmitter Release Cycle and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and hydrolase activity, acting on carbon-nitrogen (but not peptide) bonds.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASAH1.
     "
"NUP54"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUP54 (Nucleoporin 54) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            
                                            
     "
"ODAPH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ODAPH (Odontogenesis Associated Phosphoprotein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ODAPH include Amelogenesis Imperfecta, Hypomaturation Type, Iia4 and Amelogenesis Imperfecta Hypomaturation Type.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PPEF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPEF2 (Protein Phosphatase With EF-Hand Domain 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPEF2 include Retinal Degeneration and Hypophosphatasia, Adult.
                                            Among its related pathways are Visual Cycle in Retinal Rods.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and iron ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPEF1.
     "
"RCHY1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RCHY1 (Ring Finger And CHY Zinc Finger Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RCHY1 include Variola Minor and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ligase activity.
                                            
     "
"SCARB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCARB2 (Scavenger Receptor Class B Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SCARB2 include Epilepsy, Progressive Myoclonic, 4, With Or Without Renal Failure and Unverricht-Lundborg Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Vesicle-mediated transport and Primary Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis FSGS.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SCARB1.
     "
"SDAD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SDAD1 (SDA1 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SDAD1 include Rhinitis and Allergic Rhinitis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            
     "
"SEPTIN11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEPTIN11 (Septin 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEPTIN11 include Chronic Neutrophilic Leukemia and Amyotrophic Neuralgia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Bacterial invasion of epithelial cells and Shigellosis.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEPTIN6.
     "
"SHROOM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHROOM3 (Shroom Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SHROOM3 include Neutrophil Actin Dysfunction and Brachyolmia Type 4 With Mild Epiphyseal And Metaphyseal Changes.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and actin filament binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SHROOM2.
     "
"SOWAHB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SOWAHB (Sosondowah Ankyrin Repeat Domain Family Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SOWAHB include Hypochondrogenesis and Achondrogenesis, Type Ii.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SOWAHA.
     "
"STBD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STBD1 (Starch Binding Domain 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STBD1 include Glycogen Storage Disease Iii and Glycogen Storage Disease Ii.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Diurnally Regulated Genes with Circadian Orthologs.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and starch binding.
                                            
     "
"THAP6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            THAP6 (THAP Domain Containing 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is THAP2.
     "
"USO1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USO1 (USO1 Vesicle Transport Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with USO1 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 6 and Louping Ill.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"CCSER1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCSER1 (Coiled-Coil Serine Rich Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCSER2.
     "
"FAM13A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM13A (Family With Sequence Similarity 13 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM13A include Pulmonary Fibrosis, Idiopathic and Bronchitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM13B.
     "
"FAM13A-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM13A-AS1 (FAM13A Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GPRIN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPRIN3 (GPRIN Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPRIN2.
     "
"HERC3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HERC3 (HECT And RLD Domain Containing E3 Ubiquitin Protein Ligase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HERC3 include Epidural Abscess.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000287542.
     "
"MMRN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MMRN1 (Multimerin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MMRN1 include Quebec Platelet Disorder and Blood Platelet Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Response to elevated platelet cytosolic Ca2+.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MMRN2.
     "
"SNCA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNCA (Synuclein Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SNCA include Dementia, Lewy Body and Parkinson Disease 1, Autosomal Dominant.
                                            Among its related pathways are Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview and Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SNCB.
     "
"SNCA-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNCA-AS1 (SNCA Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TIGD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TIGD2 (Tigger Transposable Element Derived 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is JRKL.
     "
"ANK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANK2 (Ankyrin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ANK2 include Cardiac Arrhythmia, Ankyrin-B-Related and Long Qt Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and structural constituent of cytoskeleton.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ANK3.
     "
"ARSJ"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARSJ (Arylsulfatase Family Member J) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARSJ include Acrofacial Dysostosis 1, Nager Type and Arterial Calcification Of Infancy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Sphingolipid metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfuric ester hydrolase activity and arylsulfatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARSI.
     "
"CAMK2D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CAMK2D (Calcium/Calmodulin Dependent Protein Kinase II Delta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CAMK2D include Dilated Cardiomyopathy and Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1Dd.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oxytocin signaling pathway and MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CAMK2B.
     "
"LARP7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LARP7 (La Ribonucleoprotein 7, Transcriptional Regulator) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LARP7 include Alazami Syndrome and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 27.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SSB.
     "
"LOC105377372"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for NEUROG2-AS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            NEUROG2-AS1 (NEUROG2 And ZGRF1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR1243"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1243 (MicroRNA 1243) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR302A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR302A (MicroRNA 302a) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR302A include Teratocarcinoma and Embryonal Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Preimplantation Embryo and Cell Differentiation - Index.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR302B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR302B (MicroRNA 302b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR302B include Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Melanoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR302C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR302C (MicroRNA 302c) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR302C include Non-Gestational Choriocarcinoma and Ovarian Germ Cell Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Differentiation - Index and Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR302CHG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR302CHG (MiR-302/367 Cluster Host Gene) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR302CHG include Alazami Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR302D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR302D (MicroRNA 302d) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR302D include Testicular Germ Cell Tumor and Leukemia, Acute Myeloid.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Differentiation - Index.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR367"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR367 (MicroRNA 367) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR367 include Testicular Germ Cell Tumor and Leukemia, Acute Myeloid.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR8082"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR8082 (MicroRNA 8082) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NEUROG2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEUROG2 (Neurogenin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEUROG2 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 58 and Neuropathy, Hereditary Sensory And Autonomic, Type Iii.
                                            Among its related pathways are Dopaminergic Neurogenesis and Neuroscience.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding and E-box binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NEUROG1.
     "
"ZGRF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZGRF1 (Zinc Finger GRF-Type Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZGRF1 include Childhood Apraxia Of Speech and Apraxia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"AADAT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AADAT (Aminoadipate Aminotransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AADAT include Detrusor Sphincter Dyssynergia and Huntington Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Carbon metabolism and Tryptophan metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and kynurenine-oxoglutarate transaminase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KYAT1.
     "
"CBR4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CBR4 (Carbonyl Reductase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CBR4 include Horner's Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and NADPH binding.
                                            
     "
"CLCN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLCN3 (Chloride Voltage-Gated Channel 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLCN3 include Dent Disease 1 and Cystic Fibrosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ion channel transport and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ion channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLCN5.
     "
"HPF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HPF1 (Histone PARylation Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01612"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01612 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1612) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC01612 include Gastric Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02275"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02275 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2275) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MFAP3L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MFAP3L (Microfibril Associated Protein 3 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MFAP3.
     "
"NEK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEK1 (NIMA Related Kinase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEK1 include Short-Rib Thoracic Dysplasia 6 With Or Without Polydactyly and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 24.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAP3K4.
     "
"PALLD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PALLD (Palladin, Cytoskeletal Associated Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PALLD include Pancreatic Cancer 1 and Pancreatic Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytoskeletal Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and muscle alpha-actinin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MYPN.
     "
"SH3RF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SH3RF1 (SH3 Domain Containing Ring Finger 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and G13 Signaling Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SH3RF3.
     "
"C5orf64"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf64 (Chromosome 5 Open Reading Frame 64) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with C5orf64 include Waardenburg Syndrome, Type 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C5orf64-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf64-AS1 (C5orf64 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DEPDC1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEPDC1B (DEP Domain Containing 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEPDC1.
     "
"ELOVL7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ELOVL7 (ELOVL Fatty Acid Elongase 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ELOVL1.
     "
"ERCC8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ERCC8 (ERCC Excision Repair 8, CSA Ubiquitin Ligase Complex Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ERCC8 include Cockayne Syndrome A and Uv-Sensitive Syndrome 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transcription-Coupled Nucleotide Excision Repair (TC-NER) and Chks in Checkpoint Regulation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity and DNA-dependent ATPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WDR59.
     "
"LINC02057"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02057 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2057) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928651"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928651 (Uncharacterized LOC101928651) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NDUFAF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NDUFAF2 (NADH:Ubiquinone Oxidoreductase Complex Assembly Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NDUFAF2 include Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency, Nuclear Type 10 and Mitochondrial Complex I Deficiency, Nuclear Type 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) activity.
                                            
     "
"PART1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PART1 (Prostate Androgen-Regulated Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with PART1 include Glioma Susceptibility 1 and Lung Acinar Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PDE4D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDE4D (Phosphodiesterase 4D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDE4D include Acrodysostosis 2 With Or Without Hormone Resistance and Acrodysostosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Sweet Taste Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding and protein domain specific binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PDE4B.
     "
"SMIM15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMIM15 (Small Integral Membrane Protein 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SMIM15-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMIM15-AS1 (SMIM15 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZSWIM6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSWIM6 (Zinc Finger SWIM-Type Containing 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZSWIM6 include Acromelic Frontonasal Dysostosis and Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Movement Abnormalities, Abnormal Gait, And Autistic Features.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSWIM5.
     "
"C5orf30"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for MACIR Gene
             
         
         
                                            MACIR (Macrophage Immunometabolism Regulator) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MACIR include Rheumatoid Arthritis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GIN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GIN1 (Gypsy Retrotransposon Integrase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GIN1 include Parametritis and Testicular Malignant Germ Cell Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            
     "
"LINC00491"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00491 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 491) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00491 include Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00492"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00492 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 492) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02115"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02115 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2115) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NUDT12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUDT12 (Nudix Hydrolase 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are NAD metabolism and Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and NAD+ diphosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUDT17.
     "
"PAM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PAM (Peptidylglycine Alpha-Amidating Monooxygenase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PAM include Menkes Disease and Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasm.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include copper ion binding and L-ascorbic acid binding.
                                            
     "
"PPIP5K2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPIP5K2 (Diphosphoinositol Pentakisphosphate Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPIP5K2 include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 100 and Autosomal Recessive Non-Syndromic Sensorineural Deafness Type Dfnb.
                                            Among its related pathways are superpathway of inositol phosphate compounds and Inositol phosphate metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include acid phosphatase activity and inositol hexakisphosphate 1-kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPIP5K1.
     "
"SLCO4C1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLCO4C1 (Solute Carrier Organic Anion Transporter Family Member 4C1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Transport of vitamins, nucleosides, and related molecules.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLCO4A1.
     "
"SLCO6A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLCO6A1 (Solute Carrier Organic Anion Transporter Family Member 6A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLCO6A1 include Inflammatory Bowel Disease 7 and Pulmonary Valve Insufficiency.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLCO4C1.
     "
"C5orf15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf15 (Chromosome 5 Open Reading Frame 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C5orf15 include Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia, Familial, 5 and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 11.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C5orf24"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf24 (Chromosome 5 Open Reading Frame 24) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C5orf66"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf66 (Chromosome 5 Open Reading Frame 66) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C5orf66-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf66-AS1 (C5orf66 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with C5orf66-AS1 include Gastric Cardia Adenocarcinoma and Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C5orf66-AS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C5orf66-AS2 (C5orf66 Antisense RNA 2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CAMLG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CAMLG (Calcium Modulating Ligand) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CAMLG include Cogan-Reese Syndrome and Epstein-Barr Virus Hepatitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are RANK Signaling in Osteoclasts and Ca, cAMP and Lipid Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cell adhesion molecule binding.
                                            
     "
"CATSPER3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CATSPER3 (Cation Channel Sperm Associated 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Fertilization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel activity and calcium activated cation channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SCN3A.
     "
"CDKL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDKL3 (Cyclin Dependent Kinase Like 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDKL3 include Orofaciodigital Syndrome Vi.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDKL2.
     "
"CDKN2AIPNL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDKN2AIPNL (CDKN2A Interacting Protein N-Terminal Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDKN2AIPNL include Retinitis Pigmentosa 7.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDKN2AIP.
     "
"CXCL14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CXCL14 (C-X-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CXCL14 include Cervical Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Head And Neck.
                                            Among its related pathways are CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chemokine activity.
                                            
     "
"DCANP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCANP1 (Dendritic Cell Associated Nuclear Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCANP1 include Depression and Moebius Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DDX46"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DDX46 (DEAD-Box Helicase 46) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and ATP-dependent RNA helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DDX42.
     "
"H2AFY"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for MACROH2A1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            MACROH2A1 (MacroH2A.1 Histone) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MACROH2A1 include Liebenberg Syndrome and Medulloblastoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin Regulation / Acetylation and ATF-2 transcription factor network.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MACROH2A2.
     "
"JADE2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            JADE2 (Jade Family PHD Finger 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is JADE1.
     "
"LINC01843"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01843 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1843) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC102546229"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC102546229 (Uncharacterized LOC102546229) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105379183"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105379183 (Uncharacterized LOC105379183) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC107986453"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC107986453 (Uncharacterized LOC107986453) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3661"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3661 (MicroRNA 3661) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5692C1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5692C1 (MicroRNA 5692c-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NEUROG1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEUROG1 (Neurogenin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEUROG1 include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 52 and Cecum Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling pathways regulating pluripotency of stem cells and Regulation of Wnt-mediated beta catenin signaling and target gene transcription.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NEUROG3.
     "
"PCBD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCBD2 (Pterin-4 Alpha-Carbinolamine Dehydratase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Folate biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phenylalanine 4-monooxygenase activity and 4-alpha-hydroxytetrahydrobiopterin dehydratase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PCBD1.
     "
"PITX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PITX1 (Paired Like Homeodomain 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PITX1 include Clubfoot, Congenital, With Or Without Deficiency Of Long Bones And/Or Mirror-Image Polydactyly and Liebenberg Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are DAG and IP3 signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and proximal promoter DNA-binding transcription activator activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PITX2.
     "
"PPP2CA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPP2CA (Protein Phosphatase 2 Catalytic Subunit Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPP2CA include Neurodevelopmental Disorder And Language Delay With Or Without Structural Brain Abnormalities and Alzheimer Disease 15.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and protein C-terminus binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPP2CB.
     "
"SAR1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SAR1B (Secretion Associated Ras Related GTPase 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SAR1B include Chylomicron Retention Disease and Hypobetalipoproteinemia, Familial, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SAR1A.
     "
"SEC24A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEC24A (SEC24 Homolog A, COPII Coat Complex Component) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEC24A include Craniolenticulosutural Dysplasia and Microcephaly 1, Primary, Autosomal Recessive.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and wtCFTR and delta508-CFTR traffic / Generic schema (norm and CF).
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEC24B.
     "
"SKP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SKP1 (S-Phase Kinase Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SKP1 include Keratoconus 1 and Keratoconus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR) and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            
     "
"SLC25A48"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A48 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 48) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A45.
     "
"SLC25A48-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A48-AS1 (SLC25A48 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TCF7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TCF7 (Transcription Factor 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TCF7 include Gastric Cardia Adenocarcinoma and Astrocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Endometrial cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TCF7L2.
     "
"TIFAB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TIFAB (TIFA Inhibitor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TIFA.
     "
"TXNDC15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TXNDC15 (Thioredoxin Domain Containing 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TXNDC15 include Esophageal Lipoma and Pediculus Humanus Capitis Infestation.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"UBE2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBE2B (Ubiquitin Conjugating Enzyme E2 B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UBE2B include Halothane Hepatitis and Johanson-Blizzard Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin protein ligase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBE2A.
     "
"VDAC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VDAC1 (Voltage Dependent Anion Channel 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VDAC1 include Influenza and Typhoid Fever.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Pink/Parkin Mediated Mitophagy.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and voltage-gated anion channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VDAC2.
     "
"WSPAR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WSPAR (WNT Signaling Pathway Activating Non-Coding RNA) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with WSPAR include Colorectal Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GPX5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPX5 (Glutathione Peroxidase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPX5 include Photokeratitis and Anemia, Nonspherocytic Hemolytic, Due To G6pd Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glutathione metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glutathione peroxidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPX3.
     "
"GPX6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPX6 (Glutathione Peroxidase 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPX6 include Anemia, Nonspherocytic Hemolytic, Due To G6pd Deficiency and Photokeratitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Detoxification of Reactive Oxygen Species and Folate Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glutathione peroxidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPX3.
     "
"GUSBP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GUSBP2 (GUSB Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with GUSBP2 include Mucopolysaccharidosis, Type Vii.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HIST1H1B"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H1-5 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H1-5 (H1.5 Linker Histone, Cluster Member) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H1-5 include Rumination Disorder and Retinitis Pigmentosa 18.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and DNA Damage/Telomere Stress Induced Senescence.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H1-4.
     "
"HIST1H2AG"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC11 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC11 (H2A Clustered Histone 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC11 include Riddle Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC13.
     "
"HIST1H2AH"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC12 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC12 (H2A Clustered Histone 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC12 include Wilson-Turner X-Linked Mental Retardation Syndrome and Riddle Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC16.
     "
"HIST1H2AI"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC13 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC13 (H2A Clustered Histone 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC13 include Wilson-Turner X-Linked Mental Retardation Syndrome and Riddle Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC15.
     "
"HIST1H2AJ"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC14 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC14 (H2A Clustered Histone 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC14 include Riddle Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC11.
     "
"HIST1H2AK"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC15 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC15 (H2A Clustered Histone 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC15 include Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome and Riddle Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC16.
     "
"HIST1H2AL"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC16 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC16 (H2A Clustered Histone 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC16 include Riddle Syndrome and Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group A.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC17.
     "
"HIST1H2AM"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2AC17 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2AC17 (H2A Clustered Histone 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2AC17 include Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group A.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2AC15.
     "
"HIST1H2BJ"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2BC11 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2BC11 (H2B Clustered Histone 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2BC12.
     "
"HIST1H2BK"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2BC12 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2BC12 (H2B Clustered Histone 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2BC10.
     "
"HIST1H2BL"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2BC13 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2BC13 (H2B Clustered Histone 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2BC13 include Alpha-Thalassemia/Mental Retardation Syndrome, X-Linked.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2BC10.
     "
"HIST1H2BM"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2BC14 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2BC14 (H2B Clustered Histone 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H2BC14 include Tonsil Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2BC4.
     "
"HIST1H2BN"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2BC15 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2BC15 (H2B Clustered Histone 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2BC10.
     "
"HIST1H2BO"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H2BC17 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H2BC17 (H2B Clustered Histone 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H2BC9.
     "
"HIST1H3H"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H3C10 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H3C10 (H3 Clustered Histone 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H3C10 include Adult Infiltrating Astrocytic Neoplasm and Brain Stem Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H3C7.
     "
"HIST1H3I"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H3C11 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H3C11 (H3 Clustered Histone 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H3C11 include Adult Infiltrating Astrocytic Neoplasm and Glioma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H3C8.
     "
"HIST1H3J"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H3C12 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H3C12 (H3 Clustered Histone 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H3C12 include Adult Infiltrating Astrocytic Neoplasm and Brain Stem Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H3C2.
     "
"HIST1H4I"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H4C9 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H4C9 (H4 Clustered Histone 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H4C9 include Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia, Familial, 1 and Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia, Familial, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H4C8.
     "
"HIST1H4J"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H4C11 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H4C11 (H4 Clustered Histone 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H4C11 include B-Cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma and Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia, Familial, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H4C2.
     "
"HIST1H4K"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H4C12 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H4C12 (H4 Clustered Histone 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H4C12 include B-Cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma and Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia, Familial, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H4C3.
     "
"HIST1H4L"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for H4C13 Gene
             
         
         
                                            H4C13 (H4 Clustered Histone 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with H4C13 include B-Cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma and Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia, Familial, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is H4C2.
     "
"LINC00240"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00240 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 240) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00533"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00533 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 533) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01012"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01012 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1012) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100131289"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100131289 (Uncharacterized LOC100131289) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100270746"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100270746 (Uncharacterized LOC100270746) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3143"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3143 (MicroRNA 3143) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NKAPL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKAPL (NFKB Activating Protein Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NKAP.
     "
"OR1F12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR1F12 (Olfactory Receptor Family 1 Subfamily F Member 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"OR2B2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR2B2 (Olfactory Receptor Family 2 Subfamily B Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2B6.
     "
"OR2B6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR2B6 (Olfactory Receptor Family 2 Subfamily B Member 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2B2.
     "
"PGBD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PGBD1 (PiggyBac Transposable Element Derived 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PGBD1 include Cavernous Sinus Thrombosis and Subdural Empyema.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and scavenger receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF397.
     "
"POM121L2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POM121L2 (POM121 Transmembrane Nucleoporin Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are RNA transport.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is POM121C.
     "
"PRSS16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRSS16 (Serine Protease 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRSS16 include Sparganosis and Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DPP7.
     "
"TOB2P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TOB2P1 (Transducer Of ERBB2, 2 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"VN1R10P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VN1R10P (Vomeronasal 1 Receptor 10 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZBED9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBED9 (Zinc Finger BED-Type Containing 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM200B.
     "
"ZKSCAN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZKSCAN3 (Zinc Finger With KRAB And SCAN Domains 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZKSCAN3 include Ureteral Benign Neoplasm and Non-Invasive Bladder Papillary Urothelial Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZKSCAN4.
     "
"ZKSCAN4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZKSCAN4 (Zinc Finger With KRAB And SCAN Domains 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZKSCAN3.
     "
"ZKSCAN8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZKSCAN8 (Zinc Finger With KRAB And SCAN Domains 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZKSCAN8 include Combat Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF397.
     "
"ZNF165"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF165 (Zinc Finger Protein 165) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF165 include Suppurative Thyroiditis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSCAN30.
     "
"ZNF184"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF184 (Zinc Finger Protein 184) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF160.
     "
"ZNF192P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF192P1 (Zinc Finger Protein 192 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZNF204P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF204P (Zinc Finger Protein 204, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZNF391"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF391 (Zinc Finger Protein 391) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZFP2.
     "
"ZSCAN12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN12 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSCAN30.
     "
"ZSCAN12P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN12P1 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 12 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZSCAN16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN16 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZKSCAN3.
     "
"ZSCAN16-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN16-AS1 (ZSCAN16 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZSCAN23"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN23 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 23) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSCAN12.
     "
"ZSCAN26"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN26 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 26) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSCAN12.
     "
"ZSCAN31"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN31 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 31) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSCAN12.
     "
"ZSCAN9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZSCAN9 (Zinc Finger And SCAN Domain Containing 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZSCAN9 include Good Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZSCAN23.
     "
"ABCF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCF1 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily F Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCF1 include Autoimmune Pancreatitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ribosome binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABCF3.
     "
"ATAT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATAT1 (Alpha Tubulin Acetyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATAT1 include Inherited Blood Coagulation Disease and Von Willebrand Disease, Type 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include coenzyme binding and tubulin N-acetyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"C6orf136"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C6orf136 (Chromosome 6 Open Reading Frame 136) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C6orf136 include Central Nervous System Germ Cell Tumor and Pediatric Germ Cell Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C6orf15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C6orf15 (Chromosome 6 Open Reading Frame 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C6orf15 include Toxic Diffuse Goiter and Corneal Dystrophy, Meesmann.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and fibronectin binding.
                                            
     "
"CDSN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDSN (Corneodesmosin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDSN include Peeling Skin Syndrome 1 and Hypotrichosis 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Keratinization and Developmental Biology.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity.
                                            
     "
"DDR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DDR1 (Discoidin Domain Receptor Tyrosine Kinase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DDR1 include Breast Cancer and Meninges Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Nanog in Mammalian ESC Pluripotency.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DDR2.
     "
"DHX16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DHX16 (DEAH-Box Helicase 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DHX16 include Basilar Artery Occlusion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DHX8.
     "
"FLOT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FLOT1 (Flotillin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FLOT1 include Scrapie and Mycobacterium Marinum.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism Insulin signaling-generic cascades and Protein-protein interactions at synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protease binding and ionotropic glutamate receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FLOT2.
     "
"GABBR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GABBR1 (Gamma-Aminobutyric Acid Type B Receptor Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GABBR1 include Childhood Absence Epilepsy and Temporal Lobe Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Inwardly rectifying K+ channels.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G protein-coupled GABA receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GABBR2.
     "
"GNL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GNL1 (G Protein Nucleolar 1 (Putative)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LSG1.
     "
"GTF2H4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GTF2H4 (General Transcription Factor IIH Subunit 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GTF2H4 include Xeroderma Pigmentosum, Complementation Group B and Cockayne Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat and RNA Polymerase II Transcription Initiation And Promoter Clearance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and DNA-dependent ATPase activity.
                                            
     "
"HCG17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG17 (HLA Complex Group 17) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG18"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG18 (HLA Complex Group 18) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG20"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG20 (HLA Complex Group 20) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG21 (HLA Complex Group 21) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG22"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG22 (HLA Complex Group 22 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG4 (HLA Complex Group 4) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG4B (HLA Complex Group 4B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG9 (HLA Complex Group 9) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCP5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCP5B (HLA Complex P5B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with HCP5B include Intrauterine Growth Retardation, Metaphyseal Dysplasia, Adrenal Hypoplasia Congenita, And Genital Anomalies and Body Dysmorphic Disorder.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-A (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-A include Severe Cutaneous Adverse Reaction and Birdshot Chorioretinopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Nef-mediates down modulation of cell surface receptors by recruiting them to clathrin adapters.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-B.
     "
"HLA-E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-E (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-E include Cytomegalovirus Infection and Choriocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Role of DAP12 receptors in NK cells and Human cytomegalovirus infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and MHC class I protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-A.
     "
"HLA-F"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-F (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, F) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-F include Brain Glioma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Human cytomegalovirus infection and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and TAP1 binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-B.
     "
"HLA-F-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-F-AS1 (HLA-F Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-F-AS1 include Dracunculiasis and Behcet Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-G"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-G (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, G) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-G include Asthma and Severe Pre-Eclampsia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Human cytomegalovirus infection and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and peptide antigen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-A.
     "
"HLA-H"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-H (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, H (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding and beta-2-microglobulin binding.
                                            
     "
"HLA-J"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-J (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, J (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-L (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, L (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-V"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-V (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class I, V (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"IER3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IER3 (Immediate Early Response 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IER3 include Gilles De La Tourette Syndrome and Kallmann Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR) and GAB1 signalosome.
                                            
                                            
     "
"IER3-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IER3-AS1 (IER3 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"IFITM4P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IFITM4P (Interferon Induced Transmembrane Protein 4 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00243"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00243 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 243) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01015"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01015 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1015) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02569"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02569 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2569) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02570"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02570 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2570) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101929006"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101929006 (Uncharacterized LOC101929006) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAS1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAS1L (MAS1 Proto-Oncogene Like, G Protein-Coupled Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAS1L include Podoconiosis and Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent, 20.
                                            Among its related pathways are Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MRGPRX1.
     "
"MDC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MDC1 (Mediator Of DNA Damage Checkpoint 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MDC1 include Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome and Riddle Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein C-terminus binding and FHA domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PAXIP1.
     "
"MDC1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MDC1-AS1 (MDC1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MDC1-AS1 include Bladder Cancer and Melanoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4640"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4640 (MicroRNA 4640) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Simplified Interaction Map Between LOXL4 and Oxidative Stress Pathway and MET promotes cell motility.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6891"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6891 (MicroRNA 6891) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR877"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR877 (MicroRNA 877) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR877 include Urinary System Disease and Bladder Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MOG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MOG (Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MOG include Narcolepsy 7 and Rubella.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neural Stem Cell Differentiation Pathways and Lineage-specific Markers.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BTN1A1.
     "
"MRPS18B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRPS18B (Mitochondrial Ribosomal Protein S18B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial translation and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"MUC21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MUC21 (Mucin 21, Cell Surface Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MUC21 include Tn Polyagglutination Syndrome and Colorectal Cancer 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and CLEC7A (Dectin-1) signaling.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MUC22"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MUC22 (Mucin 22) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MUCL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MUCL3 (Mucin Like 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MUCL3 include Panbronchiolitis, Diffuse.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NRM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NRM (Nurim) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NRM include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1A.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"OR10C1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR10C1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 10 Subfamily C Member 1 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR10A4.
     "
"OR11A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR11A1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 11 Subfamily A Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR11G2.
     "
"OR12D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR12D1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 12 Subfamily D Member 1 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Olfactory transduction.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR12D2.
     "
"OR12D2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR12D2 (Olfactory Receptor Family 12 Subfamily D Member 2 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OR12D2 include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 13.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and transmembrane signaling receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR12D3.
     "
"OR12D3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR12D3 (Olfactory Receptor Family 12 Subfamily D Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and transmembrane signaling receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR12D2.
     "
"OR14J1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR14J1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 14 Subfamily J Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and odorant binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR14A16.
     "
"OR2H1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR2H1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 2 Subfamily H Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2H2.
     "
"OR2H2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR2H2 (Olfactory Receptor Family 2 Subfamily H Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OR2H2 include Acute Pulmonary Heart Disease and Acute Cor Pulmonale.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2H1.
     "
"OR2J2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR2J2 (Olfactory Receptor Family 2 Subfamily J Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2J1.
     "
"OR5V1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR5V1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 5 Subfamily V Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OR5V1 include Inflammatory Bowel Disease 5 and Inflammatory Bowel Disease   1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2D3.
     "
"PPP1R10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPP1R10 (Protein Phosphatase 1 Regulatory Subunit 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPP1R10 include Adrenal Gland Pheochromocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Beta-Adrenergic Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein phosphatase inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZC3H18.
     "
"PPP1R11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPP1R11 (Protein Phosphatase 1 Regulatory Inhibitor Subunit 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Beta-Adrenergic Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein phosphatase inhibitor activity.
                                            
     "
"PPP1R18"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPP1R18 (Protein Phosphatase 1 Regulatory Subunit 18) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPP1R18 include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 79.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and phosphatase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TPRN.
     "
"PRR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRR3 (Proline Rich 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPP1R10.
     "
"PSORS1C1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSORS1C1 (Psoriasis Susceptibility 1 Candidate 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSORS1C1 include Hypotrichosis 2 and Psoriasis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PSORS1C2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSORS1C2 (Psoriasis Susceptibility 1 Candidate 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSORS1C2 include Psoriasis and Peeling Skin Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RNF39"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF39 (Ring Finger Protein 39) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PML.
     "
"RPP21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPP21 (Ribonuclease P/MRP Subunit P21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPP21 include Cartilage-Hair Hypoplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and tRNA processing.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ribonuclease P activity.
                                            
     "
"SFTA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SFTA2 (Surfactant Associated 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD32B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD32B (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 32B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORD32B include Miller-Dieker Lissencephaly Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TRIM10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM10 (Tripartite Motif Containing 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interferon gamma signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM15.
     "
"TRIM15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM15 (Tripartite Motif Containing 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM15 include Opitz-Gbbb Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM10.
     "
"TRIM26"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM26 (Tripartite Motif Containing 26) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM26 include Endodermal Sinus Tumor and Seizure Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interferon gamma signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM10.
     "
"TRIM31"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM31 (Tripartite Motif Containing 31) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM31 include Partial Optic Atrophy and Pseudopapilledema.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interferon gamma signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM10.
     "
"TRIM31-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM31-AS1 (TRIM31 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TRIM39"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM39 (Tripartite Motif Containing 39) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM39 include Multiple Personality Disorder and Behcet Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM39-RPP21.
     "
"TRIM39-RPP21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM39-RPP21 (TRIM39-RPP21 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM39.
     "
"TRIM40"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM40 (Tripartite Motif Containing 40) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM47.
     "
"TUBB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TUBB (Tubulin Beta Class I) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TUBB include Cortical Dysplasia, Complex, With Other Brain Malformations 6 and Skin Creases, Congenital Symmetric Circumferential, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TUBB4B.
     "
"UBD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBD (Ubiquitin D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UBD include Kidney Disease and Chronic Kidney Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Presenilin-Mediated Signaling and Ubiquitin-Proteasome Dependent Proteolysis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include proteasome binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBC.
     "
"VARS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VARS2 (Valyl-TRNA Synthetase 2, Mitochondrial) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VARS2 include Combined Oxidative Phosphorylation Deficiency 20 and Combined Oxidative Phosphorylation Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are tRNA Aminoacylation and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and aminoacyl-tRNA editing activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VARS1.
     "
"ZFP57"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZFP57 (ZFP57 Zinc Finger Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZFP57 include Diabetes Mellitus, Transient Neonatal, 1 and Diabetes Mellitus, 6Q24-Related Transient Neonatal.
                                            Among its related pathways are Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF527.
     "
"ZNRD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNRD1 (Zinc Ribbon Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNRD1 include Gastric Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and RNA Polymerase I Promoter Escape.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA polymerase I activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is POLR3K.
     "
"ZNRD1ASP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNRD1ASP (Zinc Ribbon Domain Containing 1 Antisense, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNRD1ASP include Endometrial Cancer and Cervical Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ABHD16A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABHD16A (Abhydrolase Domain Containing 16A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABHD16A include Coronary Artery Aneurysm and Lynch Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABHD16B.
     "
"AGER"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AGER (Advanced Glycosylation End-Product Specific Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AGER include Diabetic Angiopathy and Leukostasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview and Cytosolic sensors of pathogen-associated DNA.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and transmembrane signaling receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALCAM.
     "
"AGPAT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AGPAT1 (1-Acylglycerol-3-Phosphate O-Acyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AGPAT1 include Complete Generalized Lipodystrophy and Congenital Generalized Lipodystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Integration of energy metabolism and Acyl chain remodelling of PE.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring acyl groups and 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AGPAT2.
     "
"AIF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AIF1 (Allograft Inflammatory Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AIF1 include Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease and Demyelinating Polyneuropathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Spinal Cord Injury.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and actin filament binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AIF1L.
     "
"APOM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            APOM (Apolipoprotein M) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with APOM include Fetal Macrosomia and Maturity-Onset Diabetes Of The Young.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Metabolism of fat-soluble vitamins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phospholipid binding and lipid transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"ATF6B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATF6B (Activating Transcription Factor 6 Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATF6B include Kidney Fibrosarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aldosterone synthesis and secretion and Longevity regulating pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription regulatory region DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATF6.
     "
"B3GALT4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GALT4 (Beta-1,3-Galactosyltransferase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycosphingolipid biosynthesis - ganglio series and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include galactosyltransferase activity and ganglioside galactosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GNT4.
     "
"BAG6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BAG6 (BAG Cochaperone 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BAG6 include Isolated Unilateral Hemispheric Cerebellar Hypoplasia and Discrete Subaortic Stenosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Wnt / Hedgehog / Notch.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding and Hsp70 protein binding.
                                            
     "
"BAK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BAK1 (BCL2 Antagonist/Killer 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BAK1 include Keratoacanthoma and Indolent B-Cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BCL2L1.
     "
"BRD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BRD2 (Bromodomain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BRD2 include Photosensitive Epilepsy and Epilepsy, Myoclonic Juvenile.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage and Regulation of retinoblastoma protein.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and lysine-acetylated histone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BRD3.
     "
"BTNL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BTNL2 (Butyrophilin Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BTNL2 include Sarcoidosis 2 and Sarcoidosis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and T Cell Co-Signaling Pathway: Ligand-Receptor Interactions.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BTN1A1.
     "
"C2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C2 (Complement C2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C2 include Complement Component 2 Deficiency and Macular Degeneration, Age-Related, 14.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Lectin induced complement pathway and Complement Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000244255.
     "
"C2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C2-AS1 (C2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with C2-AS1 include Complement Component 2 Deficiency.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C4A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C4A (Complement C4A (Rodgers Blood Group)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C4A include Complement Component 4A Deficiency and Blood Group, Chido/Rodgers System.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Lectin induced complement pathway and Complement Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include endopeptidase inhibitor activity and complement component C1q binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C4B.
     "
"C4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C4B (Complement C4B (Chido Blood Group)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C4B include Complement Component 4B Deficiency and Immunodeficiency Due To A Classical Component Pathway Complement Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Lectin induced complement pathway and Pertussis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and complement binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C4A.
     "
"C4B_2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C4B_2 (Complement Component 4B (Chido Blood Group), Copy 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C4B_2 include Complement Component 4B Deficiency and Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Lectin induced complement pathway and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            
     "
"C6orf47"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C6orf47 (Chromosome 6 Open Reading Frame 47) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CFB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CFB (Complement Factor B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CFB include Complement Factor B Deficiency and Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome, Atypical 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Lectin induced complement pathway and Complement Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity and complement binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000244255.
     "
"CLIC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLIC1 (Chloride Intracellular Channel 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLIC1 include Gallbladder Cancer and Penicilliosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons and Activation of cAMP-Dependent PKA.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chloride channel activity and voltage-gated chloride channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLIC4.
     "
"COL11A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COL11A2 (Collagen Type XI Alpha 2 Chain) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COL11A2 include Otospondylomegaepiphyseal Dysplasia, Autosomal Dominant and Otospondylomegaepiphyseal Dysplasia, Autosomal Recessive.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Focal Adhesion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include extracellular matrix structural constituent and extracellular matrix structural constituent conferring tensile strength.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COL5A1.
     "
"CSNK2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CSNK2B (Casein Kinase 2 Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CSNK2B include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability and Egg Allergy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and signaling receptor binding.
                                            
     "
"CUTA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CUTA (CutA Divalent Cation Tolerance Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CUTA include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 69 and Diabetes Mellitus, Permanent Neonatal.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding.
                                            
     "
"CYP21A1P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYP21A1P (Cytochrome P450 Family 21 Subfamily A Member 1, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYP21A1P include Adrenogenital Syndrome and Polyendocrinopathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CYP21A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYP21A2 (Cytochrome P450 Family 21 Subfamily A Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYP21A2 include Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital, Due To 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency and Classic Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due To 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Aldosterone synthesis and secretion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen.
                                            
     "
"DAXX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DAXX (Death Domain Associated Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DAXX include Gastric Neuroendocrine Neoplasm and Alpha-Thalassemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and enzyme binding.
                                            
     "
"DDAH2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DDAH2 (Dimethylarginine Dimethylaminohydrolase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DDAH2 include Chronic Kidney Disease and Pre-Eclampsia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of nitric oxide.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include amino acid binding and dimethylargininase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DDAH1.
     "
"DXO"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DXO (Decapping Exoribonuclease) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DXO include Gyrate Atrophy Of Choroid And Retina.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and mRNA binding.
                                            
     "
"EGFL8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EGFL8 (EGF Like Domain Multiple 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EGFL8 include Latent Syphilis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EGFL7.
     "
"EHMT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EHMT2 (Euchromatic Histone Lysine Methyltransferase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EHMT2 include Kleefstra Syndrome and Prader-Willi Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of TP53 Activity and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include p53 binding and C2H2 zinc finger domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EHMT1.
     "
"FKBPL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FKBPL (FKBP Prolyl Isomerase Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FKBPL include Tolosa-Hunt Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Cycle, Mitotic and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase activity and FK506 binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FKBP8.
     "
"GGNBP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GGNBP1 (Gametogenetin Binding Protein 1 (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GPANK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPANK1 (G-Patch Domain And Ankyrin Repeats 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            
     "
"GPSM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPSM3 (G Protein Signaling Modulator 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPSM3 include Prostate Leiomyosarcoma and Prostate Sarcoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase regulator activity and GDP-dissociation inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPSM2.
     "
"HCG23"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG23 (HLA Complex Group 23) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG24"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG24 (HLA Complex Group 24) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HCG25"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCG25 (HLA Complex Group 25) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-DMA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DMA (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DM Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DMA include Cardiac Sarcoidosis and Measles.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include MHC class II protein complex binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DPA1.
     "
"HLA-DMB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DMB (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DM Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DMB include Rheumatoid Arthritis and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include MHC class II protein complex binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000248993.
     "
"HLA-DOA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DOA (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DO Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DOA include Keshan Disease and Hirata Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include MHC class II protein complex binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DQA1.
     "
"HLA-DOB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DOB (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DO Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DOB include Duodenal Obstruction and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include MHC class II protein complex binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DRB1.
     "
"HLA-DPA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DPA1 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DP Alpha 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DPA1 include Berylliosis and Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DRA.
     "
"HLA-DPB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DPB1 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DP Beta 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DPB1 include Chronic Beryllium Disease and Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DRB1.
     "
"HLA-DPB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DPB2 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DP Beta 2 (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DPB2 include Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway and Th17 cell differentiation.
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-DQA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DQA1 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DQ Alpha 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DQA1 include Celiac Disease 1 and Adult-Onset Myasthenia Gravis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DQA2.
     "
"HLA-DQA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DQA2 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DQ Alpha 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DQA2 include Podoconiosis and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DQA1.
     "
"HLA-DQB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DQB1 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DQ Beta 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DQB1 include Celiac Disease 1 and Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DQB2.
     "
"HLA-DQB1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DQB1-AS1 (HLA-DQB1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HLA-DQB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DQB2 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DQ Beta 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DQB2 include Tomato Allergy.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DQB1.
     "
"HLA-DRA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DRA (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DR Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DRA include Graham-Little-Piccardi-Lassueur Syndrome and Heart Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Th1 Differentiation Pathway and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DPA1.
     "
"HLA-DRB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DRB1 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DR Beta 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DRB1 include Sarcoidosis 1 and Multiple Sclerosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DRB5.
     "
"HLA-DRB5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DRB5 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DR Beta 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLA-DRB5 include Pityriasis Rosea and Trochlear Nerve Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and G-protein signaling N-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide antigen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HLA-DRB1.
     "
"HLA-DRB6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLA-DRB6 (Major Histocompatibility Complex, Class II, DR Beta 6 (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HSD17B8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSD17B8 (Hydroxysteroid 17-Beta Dehydrogenase 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSD17B8 include Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis and Israeli Tick Typhus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSD17B10.
     "
"HSPA1A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPA1A (Heat Shock Protein Family A (Hsp70) Member 1A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSPA1A include Transient Cerebral Ischemia and Carotid Artery Occlusion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSPA1B.
     "
"HSPA1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPA1B (Heat Shock Protein Family A (Hsp70) Member 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSPA1B include Mulibrey Nanism and Acute Mountain Sickness.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSPA1A.
     "
"HSPA1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPA1L (Heat Shock Protein Family A (Hsp70) Member 1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSPA1L include Inflammatory Bowel Disease   1 and Paranoid Schizophrenia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and HSF1-dependent transactivation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSPA1A.
     "
"KIFC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KIFC1 (Kinesin Family Member C1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KIFC1 include Peritoneal Serous Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KIFC2.
     "
"LINC00336"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00336 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 336) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00336 include Chromophobe Renal Cell Carcinoma and Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100294145"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100294145 (Uncharacterized LOC100294145) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100507547"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100507547 (Uncharacterized LOC100507547) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC110384692"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC110384692 (Complement C4A (Rodgers Blood Group)-Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LSM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LSM2 (LSM2 Homolog, U6 Small Nuclear RNA And MRNA Degradation Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LSM2 include Mixed Connective Tissue Disease and Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Deadenylation-dependent mRNA decay and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Ral GTPase binding.
                                            
     "
"LY6G5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G5B (Lymphocyte Antigen 6 Family Member G5B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000263020.
     "
"LY6G5C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G5C (Lymphocyte Antigen 6 Family Member G5C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LY6G6C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G6C (Lymphocyte Antigen 6 Family Member G6C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LY6G6C include Tonsil Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Post-translational modification- synthesis of GPI-anchored proteins.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LY6G6D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G6D (Lymphocyte Antigen 6 Family Member G6D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LY6G6D include Plasmodium Ovale Malaria and Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Post-translational modification- synthesis of GPI-anchored proteins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LY6G6F-LY6G6D.
     "
"LY6G6E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G6E (Lymphocyte Antigen 6 Family Member G6E) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with LY6G6E include Hypotonia-Cystinuria Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000204422.
     "
"LY6G6F"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G6F (Lymphocyte Antigen 6 Family Member G6F) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LY6G6F include Dependent Personality Disorder and Retinitis Pigmentosa 20.
                                            Among its related pathways are Response to elevated platelet cytosolic Ca2+.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LY6G6F-LY6G6D.
     "
"LY6G6F-LY6G6D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LY6G6F-LY6G6D (LY6G6F-LY6G6D Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LY6G6F.
     "
"MIR1234"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1234 (MicroRNA 1234) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are tRNA processing and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR1236"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1236 (MicroRNA 1236) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR219A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR219A1 (MicroRNA 219a-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR219A1 include Lung Cancer and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are miRNA targets in ECM and membrane receptors.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3135B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3135B (MicroRNA 3135b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4646"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4646 (MicroRNA 4646) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5004"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5004 (MicroRNA 5004) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Oncogenic MAPK signaling.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6721"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6721 (MicroRNA 6721) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Integration of energy metabolism and Acyl chain remodelling of PE.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6832"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6832 (MicroRNA 6832) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6833"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6833 (MicroRNA 6833) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6834"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6834 (MicroRNA 6834) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Chaperonin-mediated protein folding and Cooperation of Prefoldin and TriC/CCT  in actin and tubulin folding.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6873"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6873 (MicroRNA 6873) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MPIG6B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MPIG6B (Megakaryocyte And Platelet Inhibitory Receptor G6b) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MPIG6B include Thrombocytopenia, Anemia, And Myelofibrosis and Myelofibrosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Response to elevated platelet cytosolic Ca2+ and G beta-gamma signalling through PI3Kgamma.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MSH5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MSH5 (MutS Homolog 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MSH5 include Premature Ovarian Failure 13 and Hemangioma Of Intra-Abdominal Structure.
                                            Among its related pathways are Meiosis and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include damaged DNA binding and mismatched DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MSH5-SAPCD1.
     "
"MSH5-SAPCD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MSH5-SAPCD1 (MSH5-SAPCD1 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MSH5-SAPCD1 include Premature Ovarian Failure 13.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include mismatched DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MSH5.
     "
"NELFE"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NELFE (Negative Elongation Factor Complex Member E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NELFE include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            
     "
"NEU1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEU1 (Neuraminidase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEU1 include Neuraminidase Deficiency and Hydrops Fetalis, Nonimmune.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include exo-alpha-(2->3)-sialidase activity and exo-alpha-(2->8)-sialidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NEU4.
     "
"NOTCH4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOTCH4 (Notch Receptor 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOTCH4 include Arteriovenous Malformation and Schizoaffective Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Presenilin-Mediated Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is JAG2.
     "
"PBX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PBX2 (PBX Homeobox 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PBX3.
     "
"PFDN6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PFDN6 (Prefoldin Subunit 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PFDN6 include Corneal Deposit and Corneal Dystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chaperonin-mediated protein folding and Cooperation of Prefoldin and TriC/CCT  in actin and tubulin folding.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding and chaperone binding.
                                            
     "
"PHF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PHF1 (PHD Finger Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PHF1 include Endometrial Stromal Sarcoma and Endometrial Stromal Nodule.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and methylated histone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTF2.
     "
"PPT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPT2 (Palmitoyl-Protein Thioesterase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPT2 include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 1 and Mucinous Stomach Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include thiolester hydrolase activity and palmitoyl hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPT2-EGFL8.
     "
"PPT2-EGFL8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPT2-EGFL8 (PPT2-EGFL8 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include palmitoyl hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPT2.
     "
"PRRC2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRRC2A (Proline Rich Coiled-Coil 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRRC2A include Phonagnosia and Rubeosis Iridis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRRC2C.
     "
"PRRT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRRT1 (Proline Rich Transmembrane Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRRT1 include Tinea Capitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRRT1B.
     "
"PSMB8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSMB8 (Proteasome 20S Subunit Beta 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSMB8 include Proteasome-Associated Autoinflammatory Syndrome 1 and Nakajo Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include threonine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PSMB5.
     "
"PSMB8-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSMB8-AS1 (PSMB8 Antisense RNA 1 (Head To Head)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PSMB9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSMB9 (Proteasome 20S Subunit Beta 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSMB9 include Proteasome-Associated Autoinflammatory Syndrome 3 and Nasopharyngeal Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include threonine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PSMB6.
     "
"RGL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RGL2 (Ral Guanine Nucleotide Dissociation Stimulator Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RGL2 include Tumoral Calcinosis, Normophosphatemic, Familial and Familial Tumoral Calcinosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ras signaling pathway and G-protein signaling_K-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity and Ras guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RALGDS.
     "
"RING1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RING1 (Ring Finger Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RING1 include Transient Neonatal Thrombocytopenia and Transient Neonatal Neutropenia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and SUMOylation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF2.
     "
"RNF5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF5 (Ring Finger Protein 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RNF5 include Cystic Fibrosis and Inclusion Body Myositis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF185.
     "
"RPS18"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS18 (Ribosomal Protein S18) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPS18 include Chicken Egg Allergy and Retinitis Pigmentosa 49.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            
     "
"RXRB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RXRB (Retinoid X Receptor Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RXRB include Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis and Myasthenic Syndrome, Congenital, 10.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Retinoic Acid and Gastric cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RXRA.
     "
"SAPCD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SAPCD1 (Suppressor APC Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SAPCD2.
     "
"SAPCD1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SAPCD1-AS1 (SAPCD1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SKIV2L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SKIV2L (Ski2 Like RNA Helicase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SKIV2L include Trichohepatoenteric Syndrome 2 and Trichohepatoenteric Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chaperonin-mediated protein folding and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTREX.
     "
"SLC39A7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC39A7 (Solute Carrier Family 39 Member 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC39A7 include Acrodermatitis Enteropathica, Zinc-Deficiency Type.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metal ion SLC transporters and NRF2 pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include metal ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC39A13.
     "
"SLC44A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC44A4 (Solute Carrier Family 44 Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC44A4 include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 72 and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Sensorineural Deafness Type Dfna.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Synthesis of PC.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC44A2.
     "
"SMIM40"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMIM40 (Small Integral Membrane Protein 40) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000286920.
     "
"SNHG32"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNHG32 (Small Nucleolar RNA Host Gene 32) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNHG32 include Acute Diarrhea.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA38"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA38 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 38) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD48"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD48 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 48) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD52"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD52 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 52) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"STK19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STK19 (Serine/Threonine Kinase 19) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STK19 include Hyperpigmentation Of The Skin and Melanoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein serine/threonine kinase activity.
                                            
     "
"SYNGAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SYNGAP1 (Synaptic Ras GTPase Activating Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SYNGAP1 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 5 and Syngap1-Related Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and SH3 domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DAB2IP.
     "
"TAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAP1 (Transporter 1, ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily B Member) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAP1 include Immunodeficiency By Defective Expression Of Mhc Class I and Bare Lymphocyte Syndrome, Type I.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and Human cytomegalovirus infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ATPase activity, coupled to transmembrane movement of substances.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAP2.
     "
"TAP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAP2 (Transporter 2, ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily B Member) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAP2 include Immunodeficiency By Defective Expression Of Mhc Class I and Bare Lymphocyte Syndrome, Type I.
                                            Among its related pathways are Human cytomegalovirus infection and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and ATPase activity, coupled to transmembrane movement of substances.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000250264.
     "
"TAPBP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAPBP (TAP Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAPBP include Bare Lymphocyte Syndrome, Type I and Immunodeficiency By Defective Expression Of Mhc Class I.
                                            Among its related pathways are Human cytomegalovirus infection and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding and MHC class I protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAPBPL.
     "
"TNXA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNXA (Tenascin XA (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNXA include Pulmonary Hypertension and Bladder Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TNXB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNXB (Tenascin XB) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNXB include Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, Classic-Like and Vesicoureteral Reflux 8.
                                            Among its related pathways are Focal Adhesion and ECM proteoglycans.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and collagen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNC.
     "
"TSBP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TSBP1 (Testis Expressed Basic Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TSBP1 include Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism 14 With Or Without Anosmia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TSBP1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TSBP1-AS1 (TSBP1 And BTNL2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with TSBP1-AS1 include Sarcoidosis 2.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"VARS"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for VARS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            VARS1 (Valyl-TRNA Synthetase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VARS1 include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Microcephaly, Seizures, And Cortical Atrophy and Microcephaly.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and tRNA Aminoacylation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VARS2.
     "
"VPS52"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS52 (VPS52 Subunit Of GARP Complex) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS52 include Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia, Type 2E.
                                            Among its related pathways are Vesicle-mediated transport and Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include syntaxin binding.
                                            
     "
"VWA7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VWA7 (Von Willebrand Factor A Domain Containing 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VWA7 include Pseudo-Von Willebrand Disease and Orchitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"WDR46"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WDR46 (WD Repeat Domain 46) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WDR46 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZBTB12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBTB12 (Zinc Finger And BTB Domain Containing 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZBTB26.
     "
"ZBTB22"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBTB22 (Zinc Finger And BTB Domain Containing 22) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZBTB22 include Adiaspiromycosis and Spermatogenic Failure 11.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZBTB9.
     "
"ZBTB9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBTB9 (Zinc Finger And BTB Domain Containing 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZBTB22.
     "
"B3GAT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GAT2 (Beta-1,3-Glucuronyltransferase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B3GAT2 include Borna Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycosaminoglycan metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include galactosylgalactosylxylosylprotein 3-beta-glucuronosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GAT1.
     "
"KCNQ5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNQ5 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Subfamily Q Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNQ5 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 46 and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are Dopamine-DARPP32 Feedback onto cAMP Pathway and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel activity and delayed rectifier potassium channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNQ2.
     "
"KCNQ5-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNQ5-IT1 (KCNQ5 Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00472"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00472 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 472) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00472 include Lung Cancer Susceptibility 3 and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01626"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01626 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1626) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR30A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR30A (MicroRNA 30a) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR30A include Glomerular Disease and Thyroid Gland Anaplastic Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Parkinsons Disease Pathway and MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR30C2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR30C2 (MicroRNA 30c-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"OGFRL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OGFRL1 (Opioid Growth Factor Receptor Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OGFRL1 include Seminal Vesicle Tumor and Retinitis Pigmentosa 25.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OGFR.
     "
"RIMS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RIMS1 (Regulating Synaptic Membrane Exocytosis 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RIMS1 include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 7 and Cone-Rod Dystrophy 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Synaptic vesicle cycle and Neurotransmitter Release Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rab GTPase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RIMS2.
     "
"SMAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMAP1 (Small ArfGAP 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMAP1 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 25 and Retinitis Pigmentosa.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endocytosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and clathrin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMAP2.
     "
"CCN6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCN6 (Cellular Communication Network Factor 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCN6 include Arthropathy, Progressive Pseudorheumatoid, Of Childhood and Arthropathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCN4.
     "
"FAM229B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM229B (Family With Sequence Similarity 229 Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM229A.
     "
"FYN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FYN (FYN Proto-Oncogene, Src Family Tyrosine Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FYN include Hepatitis E and Autoimmune Cardiomyopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Lipoprotein metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is YES1.
     "
"GSTM2P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GSTM2P1 (Glutathione S-Transferase Mu 2 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GTF3C6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GTF3C6 (General Transcription Factor IIIC Subunit 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GTF3C6 include Contagious Pustular Dermatitis and Cleft Palate With Or Without Ankyloglossia, X-Linked.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LAMA4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAMA4 (Laminin Subunit Alpha 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LAMA4 include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1Jj and Familial Isolated Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein tyrosine kinase activity and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LAMA5.
     "
"LINC02527"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02527 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2527) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101927640"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for LAMA4-AS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            LAMA4-AS1 (LAMA4 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MFSD4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MFSD4B (Major Facilitator Superfamily Domain Containing 4B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MFSD4A.
     "
"REV3L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            REV3L (REV3 Like, DNA Directed Polymerase Zeta Catalytic Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with REV3L include Moebius Syndrome and Carey-Fineman-Ziter Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Translesion synthesis by Y family DNA polymerases bypasses lesions on DNA template and Platinum Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and 4 iron, 4 sulfur cluster binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is POLA1.
     "
"RFPL4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RFPL4B (Ret Finger Protein Like 4B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RFPL4B include Chromosome 15Q13.3 Deletion Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000281613.
     "
"RPF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPF2 (Ribosome Production Factor 2 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPF2 include Robinow Syndrome, Autosomal Dominant 1 and Retinitis Pigmentosa 34.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include rRNA binding.
                                            
     "
"SLC16A10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC16A10 (Solute Carrier Family 16 Member 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC16A10 include Allan-Herndon-Dudley Syndrome and Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 62.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and Collagen chain trimerization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC16A2.
     "
"SNORD166"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD166 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 166) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TRAF3IP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRAF3IP2 (TRAF3 Interacting Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRAF3IP2 include Candidiasis, Familial, 8 and Psoriasis 13.
                                            Among its related pathways are IL-17 Family Signaling Pathways and Cellular senescence (KEGG).
                                            
                                            
     "
"TRAF3IP2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRAF3IP2-AS1 (TRAF3IP2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with TRAF3IP2-AS1 include Schizophrenia and Candidiasis, Familial, 8.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TUBE1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TUBE1 (Tubulin Epsilon 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TUBE1 include Chronic Frontal Sinusitis and Laryngeal Tuberculosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and structural constituent of cytoskeleton.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TUBB4B.
     "
"CCN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCN2 (Cellular Communication Network Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCN2 include Renal Fibrosis and Systemic Scleroderma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and TGF-Beta Pathway.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCN3.
     "
"ENPP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ENPP1 (Ectonucleotide Pyrophosphatase/Phosphodiesterase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ENPP1 include Cole Disease and Hypophosphatemic Rickets, Autosomal Recessive, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are NAD metabolism and Riboflavin metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and protein homodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENPP3.
     "
"EYA4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EYA4 (EYA Transcriptional Coactivator And Phosphatase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EYA4 include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1J and Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 10.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Double Strand Break Response and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein tyrosine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EYA1.
     "
"LINC00326"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00326 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 326) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00326 include Epithelial Basement Membrane Dystrophy and Epithelial And Subepithelial Dystrophy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01013"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01013 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1013) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC01013 include Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma and Loeys-Dietz Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01312"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01312 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1312) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR548AJ1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR548AJ1 (MicroRNA 548aj-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MOXD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MOXD1 (Monooxygenase DBH Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include copper ion binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen, reduced ascorbate as one donor, and incorporation of one atom of oxygen.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DBH.
     "
"RPS12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS12 (Ribosomal Protein S12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPS12 include Mycobacterium Tuberculosis 1 and Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"SLC18B1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC18B1 (Solute Carrier Family 18 Member B1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC18A2.
     "
"SNORA33"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA33 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 33) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORA33 include Embryonal Testis Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD100"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD100 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 100) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD101"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD101 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 101) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"STX7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STX7 (Syntaxin 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STX7 include Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis, Familial, 4 and Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are Nicotine Pathway (Dopaminergic Neuron), Pharmacodynamics and Phagosome.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include syntaxin binding and SNAP receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STX12.
     "
"TAAR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR1 (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAAR1 include Superficial Urinary Bladder Cancer and Hypoparathyroidism, Sensorineural Deafness, And Renal Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and trace-amine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAAR2.
     "
"TAAR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR2 (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 2 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAAR2 include Pancreatic Somatostatinoma and Generalized Epilepsy With Febrile Seizures Plus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and trace-amine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAAR1.
     "
"TAAR3P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR3P (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 3, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            
                                            
     "
"TAAR5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR5 (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAAR5 include Pancreatic Somatostatinoma and Trimethylaminuria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and trimethylamine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAAR9.
     "
"TAAR6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR6 (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAAR6 include Schizophrenia 5 and Cyclosporiasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and trace-amine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAAR8.
     "
"TAAR8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR8 (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAAR8 include Pancreatic Somatostatinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and trace-amine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAAR6.
     "
"TAAR9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAAR9 (Trace Amine Associated Receptor 9 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAAR9 include Ureter, Cancer Of and Loeys-Dietz Syndrome 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and trace-amine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAAR6.
     "
"TARID"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TARID (TCF21 Antisense RNA Inducing Promoter Demethylation) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with TARID include Kidney Clear Cell Sarcoma and Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 10.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TCF21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TCF21 (Transcription Factor 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TCF21 include Pericoronitis and Uterine Corpus Endometrial Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Non-Canonical Wnt Pathway and PAK Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein dimerization activity and proximal promoter DNA-binding transcription repressor activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MSC.
     "
"VNN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VNN1 (Vanin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VNN1 include Obstructive Nephropathy and Malaria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, acting on carbon-nitrogen (but not peptide) bonds and GPI anchor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VNN2.
     "
"VNN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VNN2 (Vanin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VNN2 include Trichuriasis and Biotinidase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, acting on carbon-nitrogen (but not peptide) bonds and pantetheine hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VNN1.
     "
"VNN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VNN3 (Vanin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Post-translational modification- synthesis of GPI-anchored proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, acting on carbon-nitrogen (but not peptide) bonds and pantetheine hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VNN2.
     "
"CCDC126"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC126 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 126) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC126 include Hereditary Choroidal Atrophy and Partial Central Choroid Dystrophy.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include alpha-1,6-mannosylglycoprotein 6-beta-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MGAT5.
     "
"CLK2P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLK2P1 (CDC Like Kinase 2, Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM126A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM126A (Family With Sequence Similarity 126 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM126A include Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 5 and Hypomyelinating Leukodystrophy.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM126B.
     "
"FAM221A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM221A (Family With Sequence Similarity 221 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM221B.
     "
"GPNMB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPNMB (Glycoprotein Nmb) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPNMB include Amyloidosis, Primary Localized Cutaneous, 3 and Lichen Amyloidosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Adhesion and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and integrin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PMEL.
     "
"IGF2BP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IGF2BP3 (Insulin Like Growth Factor 2 MRNA Binding Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IGF2BP3 include Pilomyxoid Astrocytoma and Enchondroma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Chromatin Regulation / Acetylation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IGF2BP1.
     "
"IL6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL6 (Interleukin 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL6 include Kaposi Sarcoma and Rheumatoid Arthritis, Systemic Juvenile.
                                            Among its related pathways are Th1 Differentiation Pathway and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and growth factor activity.
                                            
     "
"KLHL7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL7 (Kelch Like Family Member 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHL7 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 42 and Crisponi/Cold-Induced Sweating Syndrome 3.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHL2.
     "
"KLHL7-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL7-DT (KLHL7 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100506178"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100506178 (Uncharacterized LOC100506178) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC401312"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC401312 (Uncharacterized LOC401312) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC541472"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for IL6-AS1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            IL6-AS1 (IL6 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MALSU1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MALSU1 (Mitochondrial Assembly Of Ribosomal Large Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MALSU1 include Spastic Paraplegia 7, Autosomal Recessive.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ribosomal large subunit binding.
                                            
     "
"NUP42"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUP42 (Nucleoporin 42) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NUP42 include Lethal Congenital Contracture Syndrome 1 and Neonatal Respiratory Failure.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LENG9.
     "
"RAPGEF5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAPGEF5 (Rap Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ras signaling pathway and G-protein signaling_Cross-talk between Ras-family GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity and Ras guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAPGEF4.
     "
"RPS2P32"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS2P32 (Ribosomal Protein S2 Pseudogene 32) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNHG26"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNHG26 (Small Nucleolar RNA Host Gene 26) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNHG26 include Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD65C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD65C (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 65C) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD93"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD93 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 93) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"STEAP1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STEAP1B (STEAP Family Member 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cupric reductase activity and ferric-chelate reductase (NADPH) activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STEAP1.
     "
"STK31"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STK31 (Serine/Threonine Kinase 31) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SND1.
     "
"TOMM7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TOMM7 (Translocase Of Outer Mitochondrial Membrane 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Pink/Parkin Mediated Mitophagy and Mitophagy - animal.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"TRA2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRA2A (Transformer 2 Alpha Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRA2A include Malignant Pineal Area Germ Cell Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRA2B.
     "
"ASL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASL (Argininosuccinate Lyase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASL include Argininosuccinic Aciduria and Urea Cycle Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include argininosuccinate lyase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000249319.
     "
"CCT6P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCT6P1 (Chaperonin Containing TCP1 Subunit 6 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CRCP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CRCP (CGRP Receptor Component) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CRCP include Hydrocephalus, Normal-Pressure and Communicating Hydrocephalus.
                                            Among its related pathways are RNA Polymerase III Transcription Initiation and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and RNA polymerase III activity.
                                            
     "
"GS1-124K5.11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GS1-124K5.11 (RAB Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 1 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GS1-124K5.4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GS1-124K5.4 (Uncharacterized LOC100289098) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GTF2IP23"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GTF2IP23 (General Transcription Factor IIi Pseudogene 23) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GTF2IRD1P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GTF2IRD1P1 (GTF2I Repeat Domain Containing 1 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GUSB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GUSB (Glucuronidase Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GUSB include Mucopolysaccharidosis, Type Vii and Mucopolysaccharidosis, Type Vi.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Glycosaminoglycan metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and hydrolase activity, hydrolyzing O-glycosyl compounds.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MANBA.
     "
"INTS4P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            INTS4P2 (Integrator Complex Subunit 4 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"KCTD7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCTD7 (Potassium Channel Tetramerization Domain Containing 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCTD7 include Epilepsy, Progressive Myoclonic, 3, With Or Without Intracellular Inclusions and Epilepsy Progressive Myoclonic Type 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCTD14.
     "
"LINC00174"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00174 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 174) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01372"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01372 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1372) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02604"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02604 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2604) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC02604 include Glioma Susceptibility 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100996437"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100996437 (Uncharacterized LOC100996437) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101929322"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101929322 (Integrator Complex Subunit 4 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC441242"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC441242 (Uncharacterized LOC441242) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC441242 include Glioma Susceptibility 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4650-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4650-1 (MicroRNA 4650-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4650-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4650-2 (MicroRNA 4650-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PMS2P4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PMS2P4 (PMS1 Homolog 2, Mismatch Repair System Component Pseudogene 4) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RABGEF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RABGEF1 (RAB Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RABGEF1 include Warburg Micro Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are RAB GEFs exchange GTP for GDP on RABs and wtCFTR and delta508-CFTR traffic / Generic schema (norm and CF).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity and Rab guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RIN2.
     "
"SBDS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SBDS (SBDS Ribosome Maturation Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SBDS include Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome 1 and Aplastic Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ribosome biogenesis in eukaryotes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include rRNA binding.
                                            
     "
"SNORA15B-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA15B-1 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 15B-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA15B-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA15B-2 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 15B-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA22"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA22 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 22) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORA22 include Secondary Syphilis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"STAG3L4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STAG3L4 (Stromal Antigen 3-Like 4 (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with STAG3L4 include Williams-Beuren Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM248"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM248 (Transmembrane Protein 248) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM248 include Corneal Ectasia and Brittle Cornea Syndrome 2.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM219.
     "
"TPST1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TPST1 (Tyrosylprotein Sulfotransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TPST1 include Lung Carcinoma In Situ and Vitreoretinal Dystrophy.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and protein-tyrosine sulfotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TPST2.
     "
"TYW1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TYW1 (TRNA-YW Synthesizing Protein 1 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TYW1 include Hereditary Retinal Dystrophy and Sorsby Fundus Dystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and tRNA processing.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and 4 iron, 4 sulfur cluster binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TYW1B.
     "
"VKORC1L1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VKORC1L1 (Vitamin K Epoxide Reductase Complex Subunit 1 Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VKORC1L1 include Vitamin K Deficiency Bleeding.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of fat-soluble vitamins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include quinone binding and vitamin-K-epoxide reductase (warfarin-sensitive) activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VKORC1.
     "
"BLK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BLK (BLK Proto-Oncogene, Src Family Tyrosine Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BLK include Maturity-Onset Diabetes Of The Young, Type 11 and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR) and Focal Adhesion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HCK.
     "
"C8orf49"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C8orf49 (Chromosome 8 Open Reading Frame 49) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CTSB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTSB (Cathepsin B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTSB include Keratolytic Winter Erythema and Annular Erythema.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Bacterial infections in CF airways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidase activity and cysteine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TINAGL1.
     "
"DEFB109A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEFB109A (Defensin Beta 109A (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Defensins.
                                            
                                            
     "
"DEFB130A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEFB130A (Defensin Beta 130A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DEFB130A include Epididymis Disease and Parasitic Protozoa Infectious Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Defensins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEFB130B.
     "
"DEFB130B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEFB130B (Defensin Beta 130B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEFB130A.
     "
"DEFB134"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEFB134 (Defensin Beta 134) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DEFB134 include Diaphragmatic Hernia, Congenital.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Defensins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEFB121.
     "
"DEFB135"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEFB135 (Defensin Beta 135) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DEFB135 include Diaphragmatic Hernia, Congenital.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Defensins.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEFB121.
     "
"DEFB136"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DEFB136 (Defensin Beta 136) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Defensins.
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM167A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM167A (Family With Sequence Similarity 167 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM167A include Maturity-Onset Diabetes Of The Young, Type 11 and Keratolytic Winter Erythema.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM167B.
     "
"FAM167A-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM167A-AS1 (FAM167A Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM167A-AS1 include Keratolytic Winter Erythema.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM66A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM66A (Family With Sequence Similarity 66 Member A) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM66A include Ovarian Carcinosarcoma and Uterine Carcinosarcoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM66D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM66D (Family With Sequence Similarity 66 Member D) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM66D include Inflammatory Bowel Disease 26.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM85A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM85A (Family With Sequence Similarity 85 Member A) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM86B1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM86B1 (Family With Sequence Similarity 86 Member B1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM86B1 include Intrauterine Growth Retardation, Metaphyseal Dysplasia, Adrenal Hypoplasia Congenita, And Genital Anomalies.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include methyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM86B2.
     "
"FAM86B2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM86B2 (Family With Sequence Similarity 86 Member B2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include methyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EEF2KMT.
     "
"FAM90A25P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM90A25P (Family With Sequence Similarity 90 Member A25, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM90A2P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM90A2P (Family With Sequence Similarity 90 Member A2, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FDFT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FDFT1 (Farnesyl-Diphosphate Farnesyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FDFT1 include Squalene Synthase Deficiency and Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Bisphosphonate Pathway, Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and farnesyl-diphosphate farnesyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"GATA4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GATA4 (GATA Binding Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GATA4 include Tetralogy Of Fallot and Testicular Anomalies With Or Without Congenital Heart Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and Serotonin Receptor 2 and ELK-SRF/GATA4 signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GATA6.
     "
"LINC00208"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00208 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 208) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00208 include Keratolytic Winter Erythema.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00681"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00681 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 681) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100129129"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100129129 (Uncharacterized LOC100129129) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100506990"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100506990 (Uncharacterized LOC100506990) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101929269"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101929269 (Uncharacterized LOC101929269) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC340357"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC340357 (Uncharacterized LOC340357) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC392196"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC392196 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 17-Like Family Member 2 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC649352"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC649352 (Ubiquitin Carboxyl-Terminal Hydrolase 17-Like Protein 2-Like) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC729732"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC729732 (Uncharacterized LOC729732) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LONRF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LONRF1 (LON Peptidase N-Terminal Domain And Ring Finger 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LONRF1 include Penile Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATP-dependent peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LONRF2.
     "
"MIR3926-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3926-1 (MicroRNA 3926-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3926-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3926-2 (MicroRNA 3926-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5692A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5692A1 (MicroRNA 5692a-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5692A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5692A2 (MicroRNA 5692a-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR598"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR598 (MicroRNA 598) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR598 include Autism Spectrum Disorder and Crohn's Colitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            
                                            
     "
"MTMR9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MTMR9 (Myotubularin Related Protein 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MTMR9 include Generalized Epilepsy With Febrile Seizures Plus and Keratolytic Winter Erythema.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and enzyme regulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTMR2.
     "
"NEIL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEIL2 (Nei Like DNA Glycosylase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEIL2 include Cockayne Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Telomere C-strand (Lagging Strand) Synthesis and Cleavage of the damaged pyrimidine.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and damaged DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NEIL3.
     "
"SLC35G5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC35G5 (Solute Carrier Family 35 Member G5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC35G5 include Keratolytic Winter Erythema and Bacillary Angiomatosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC35G4.
     "
"SNORA99"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA99 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 99) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TDH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TDH (L-Threonine Dehydrogenase (Pseudogene)) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with TDH include Acalculous Cholecystitis and Keratolytic Winter Erythema.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Viral mRNA Translation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include coenzyme binding.
                                            
     "
"USP17L2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USP17L2 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 17 Like Family Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Deubiquitination.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cysteine-type endopeptidase activity and thiol-dependent ubiquitinyl hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USP17L1.
     "
"USP17L7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USP17L7 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 17 Like Family Member 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include thiol-dependent ubiquitinyl hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USP17L8.
     "
"XKR6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            XKR6 (XK Related 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with XKR6 include Keratolytic Winter Erythema.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is XKR4.
     "
"ZNF705D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF705D (Zinc Finger Protein 705D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF705D include Retinitis Pigmentosa 13 and Retinitis Pigmentosa 11.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF705B.
     "
"CNOT7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNOT7 (CCR4-NOT Transcription Complex Subunit 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNOT7 include Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia, Type 7 and Oligoasthenoteratozoospermia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and TP53 Regulates Transcription of Cell Cycle Genes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNOT8.
     "
"FGF20"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGF20 (Fibroblast Growth Factor 20) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGF20 include Renal Hypodysplasia/Aplasia 2 and Renal Agenesis, Bilateral.
                                            Among its related pathways are FGFR1 mutant receptor activation and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity and fibroblast growth factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGF9.
     "
"MICU3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MICU3 (Mitochondrial Calcium Uptake Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MICU2.
     "
"MIR548V"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR548V (MicroRNA 548v) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MSR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MSR1 (Macrophage Scavenger Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MSR1 include Barrett Esophagus and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Microglia Activation During Neuroinflammation: Overview and Binding and Uptake of Ligands by Scavenger Receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and scavenger receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SCARA5.
     "
"MTMR7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MTMR7 (Myotubularin Related Protein 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MTMR7 include Kuru and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 4B3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and phosphatidylinositol phosphate phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTMR6.
     "
"MTUS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MTUS1 (Microtubule Associated Scaffold Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MTUS1 include Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Temporal Arteritis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTUS2.
     "
"PDGFRL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDGFRL (Platelet Derived Growth Factor Receptor Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDGFRL include Colorectal Cancer and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include platelet activating factor receptor activity and platelet-derived growth factor beta-receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"SLC7A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC7A2 (Solute Carrier Family 7 Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC7A2 include Lysinuric Protein Intolerance.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and Amino acid transport across the plasma membrane.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include amino acid transmembrane transporter activity and basic amino acid transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC7A1.
     "
"VPS37A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS37A (VPS37A Subunit Of ESCRT-I) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS37A include Spastic Paraplegia 53, Autosomal Recessive and Paraplegia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Budding and maturation of HIV virion and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VPS37D.
     "
"ZDHHC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZDHHC2 (Zinc Finger DHHC-Type Palmitoyltransferase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZDHHC2 include Chikungunya and Radial Nerve Lesion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Surfactant metabolism and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include palmitoyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZDHHC20.
     "
"BIN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BIN3 (Bridging Integrator 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BIN3 include Ornithosis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytoskeletal adaptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BIN2.
     "
"BIN3-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BIN3-IT1 (BIN3 Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"BMP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BMP1 (Bone Morphogenetic Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BMP1 include Osteogenesis Imperfecta, Type Xiii and High Bone Mass Osteogenesis Imperfecta.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLL2.
     "
"C8orf58"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C8orf58 (Chromosome 8 Open Reading Frame 58) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000248235.
     "
"CCAR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCAR2 (Cell Cycle And Apoptosis Regulator 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCAR2 include Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and DNA Damage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCAR1.
     "
"CHMP7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHMP7 (Charged Multivesicular Body Protein 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHMP7 include Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Budding and maturation of HIV virion and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHMP4A.
     "
"DMTN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DMTN (Dematin Actin Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DMTN include Hereditary Spherocytosis and Depersonalization Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and Miscellaneous transport and binding events.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and protein self-association.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABLIM1.
     "
"DOK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DOK2 (Docking Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and G-protein signaling_H-RAS regulation pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity, downstream of receptor and transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine kinase adaptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DOK1.
     "
"EGR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EGR3 (Early Growth Response 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EGR3 include Bipolar I Disorder and Patella, Chondromalacia Of.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and Calcineurin-regulated NFAT-dependent transcription in lymphocytes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EGR2.
     "
"ENTPD4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ENTPD4 (Ectonucleoside Triphosphate Diphosphohydrolase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ENTPD4 include Autosomal Recessive Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of nucleotides and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and uridine-diphosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENTPD7.
     "
"FAM160B2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM160B2 (Family With Sequence Similarity 160 Member B2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM160B1.
     "
"FGF17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGF17 (Fibroblast Growth Factor 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGF17 include Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism 20 With Or Without Anosmia and Normosmic Congenital Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism.
                                            Among its related pathways are FGFR1 mutant receptor activation and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity and type 2 fibroblast growth factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGF8.
     "
"GFRA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GFRA2 (GDNF Family Receptor Alpha 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GFRA2 include Hirschsprung Disease 1 and Malignant Granular Cell Myoblastoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GFRA1.
     "
"HR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HR (HR Lysine Demethylase And Nuclear Receptor Corepressor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HR include Alopecia Universalis Congenita and Atrichia With Papular Lesions.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription corepressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is JMJD1C.
     "
"LGI3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LGI3 (Leucine Rich Repeat LGI Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LGI3 include Epilepsy, Familial Temporal Lobe, 3 and Epilepsy, Familial Temporal Lobe, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are LGI-ADAM interactions and Developmental Biology.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LGI1.
     "
"LOC100507071"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100507071 (Uncharacterized LOC100507071) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100507156"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100507156 (Uncharacterized LOC100507156) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101929237"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101929237 (Uncharacterized LOC101929237) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC107986876"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC107986876 (Uncharacterized LOC107986876) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC254896"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC254896 (Uncharacterized LOC254896) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC286059"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC286059 (TNF Receptor Superfamily Member 10d Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC389641"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC389641 (Uncharacterized LOC389641) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC389641 include Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOXL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOXL2 (Lysyl Oxidase Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LOXL2 include Hyperostosis Cranialis Interna and Mid-Dermal Elastolysis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Degradation of the extracellular matrix and Elastic fibre formation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and electron transfer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LOXL4.
     "
"MIR320A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR320A (MicroRNA 320a) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR320A include Heart Disease and Cholangiocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NPM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPM2 (Nucleophosmin/Nucleoplasmin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NPM2 include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 8, Northern Epilepsy Variant.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPM1.
     "
"NUDT18"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUDT18 (Nudix Hydrolase 18) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NUDT18 include Lung Papillary Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of nucleotides.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and 8-oxo-dGDP phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUDT17.
     "
"PDLIM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDLIM2 (PDZ And LIM Domain 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDLIM2 include Kohler's Disease and Cogan-Reese Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are NF-kappaB Signaling and Immune response_IL-12 signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include alpha-actinin binding and filamin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PDLIM1.
     "
"PEBP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PEBP4 (Phosphatidylethanolamine Binding Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PEBP4 include Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PEBP1.
     "
"PHYHIP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PHYHIP (Phytanoyl-CoA 2-Hydroxylase Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PHYHIP include Refsum Disease, Classic.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PHYHIPL.
     "
"PIWIL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PIWIL2 (Piwi Like RNA-Mediated Gene Silencing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PIWIL2 include Caplan's Syndrome and Cycloplegia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Mitotic Prophase.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and piRNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PIWIL1.
     "
"POLR3D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POLR3D (RNA Polymerase III Subunit D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are RNA Polymerase III Transcription Initiation and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and RNA polymerase III activity.
                                            
     "
"PPP3CC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPP3CC (Protein Phosphatase 3 Catalytic Subunit Gamma) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPP3CC include Schizophrenia 11 and Schizophrenia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oxytocin signaling pathway and Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and phosphoprotein phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPP3CA.
     "
"R3HCC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            R3HCC1 (R3H Domain And Coiled-Coil Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with R3HCC1 include Testicular Leukemia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is R3HCC1L.
     "
"REEP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            REEP4 (Receptor Accessory Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with REEP4 include Spastic Paraplegia 26, Autosomal Recessive and Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia 72.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include microtubule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is REEP3.
     "
"RHOBTB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RHOBTB2 (Rho Related BTB Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RHOBTB2 include Epileptic Encephalopathy, Early Infantile, 64 and Rett Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RHOBTB1.
     "
"SFTPC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SFTPC (Surfactant Protein C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SFTPC include Surfactant Metabolism Dysfunction, Pulmonary, 2 and Pulmonary Fibrosis, Idiopathic.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and Defective CSF2RA causes pulmonary surfactant metabolism dysfunction 4 (SMDP4).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity.
                                            
     "
"SLC25A37"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A37 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 37) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC25A37 include Anemia, Sideroblastic, 1 and Protoporphyria, Erythropoietic, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial iron-sulfur cluster biogenesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A28.
     "
"SLC39A14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC39A14 (Solute Carrier Family 39 Member 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC39A14 include Hypermanganesemia With Dystonia 2 and Hyperostosis Cranialis Interna.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metal ion SLC transporters and NRF2 pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ferrous iron transmembrane transporter activity and zinc ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC39A8.
     "
"SORBS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SORBS3 (Sorbin And SH3 Domain Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SORBS3 include Schizophrenia 18 and Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1P.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and Smooth Muscle Contraction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and vinculin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SORBS1.
     "
"TNFRSF10A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFRSF10A (TNF Receptor Superfamily Member 10a) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNFRSF10A include Hirata Disease and Temporal Arteritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and protease binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFRSF10B.
     "
"TNFRSF10B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFRSF10B (TNF Receptor Superfamily Member 10b) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNFRSF10B include Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Head And Neck and Obsolete: Squamous Cell Carcinoma Of Head And Neck.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include TRAIL binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFRSF10A.
     "
"TNFRSF10C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFRSF10C (TNF Receptor Superfamily Member 10c) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNFRSF10C include Epithelial-Stromal Tgfbi Dystrophy and Stone In Bladder Diverticulum.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transmembrane signaling receptor activity and TRAIL binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFRSF10D.
     "
"TNFRSF10D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFRSF10D (TNF Receptor Superfamily Member 10d) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNFRSF10D include Prostate Cancer and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transmembrane signaling receptor activity and TRAIL binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFRSF10B.
     "
"XPO7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            XPO7 (Exportin 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with XPO7 include Hemolytic Anemia and Arts Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and nuclear export signal receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RANBP17.
     "
"ADCY8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADCY8 (Adenylate Cyclase 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADCY8 include Dissociative Amnesia and Mood Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Oocyte meiosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and adenylate cyclase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADCY6.
     "
"ASAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASAP1 (ArfGAP With SH3 Domain, Ankyrin Repeat And PH Domain 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASAP1 include Laryngeal Benign Neoplasm and Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling events mediated by focal adhesion kinase and Endocytosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASAP2.
     "
"ASAP1-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASAP1-IT1 (ASAP1 Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with ASAP1-IT1 include Astrocytoma and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ASAP1-IT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASAP1-IT2 (ASAP1 Intronic Transcript 2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CCDC26"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC26 (CCDC26 Long Non-Coding RNA) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC26 include Malignant Glioma and Astrocytoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM49B"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for CYRIB Gene
             
         
         
                                            CYRIB (CYFIP Related Rac1 Interactor B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYRIB include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 3B and Keratomalacia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Response to elevated platelet cytosolic Ca2+.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CYRIA.
     "
"GSDMC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GSDMC (Gasdermin C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GSDMA.
     "
"LINC00976"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00976 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 976) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00976 include Loeys-Dietz Syndrome 5 and Glass Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00977"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00977 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 977) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00977 include Pneumothorax, Primary Spontaneous and B-Cell Childhood Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3686"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3686 (MicroRNA 3686) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR3686 include Murray Valley Encephalitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5194"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5194 (MicroRNA 5194) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ADAMTSL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAMTSL1 (ADAMTS Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADAMTSL1 include Microcephaly-Facial Dysmorphism-Ocular Anomalies-Multiple Congenital Anomalies Syndrome and Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and O-glycosylation of TSR domain-containing proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidase activity and metallopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADAMTSL3.
     "
"BNC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BNC2 (Basonuclin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BNC2 include Lower Urinary Tract Obstruction, Congenital and Posterior Urethral Valves.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BNC1.
     "
"BNC2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BNC2-AS1 (BNC2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with BNC2-AS1 include Astrocytoma and Gastric Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CNTLN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTLN (Centlein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTLN include Microcephalic Osteodysplastic Primordial Dwarfism, Type Ii and Orofaciodigital Syndrome Vii.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and protein binding, bridging.
                                            
     "
"MIR3152"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3152 (MicroRNA 3152) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SH3GL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SH3GL2 (SH3 Domain Containing GRB2 Like 2, Endophilin A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SH3GL2 include Childhood Pilocytic Astrocytoma and Indolent Systemic Mastocytosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Clathrin derived vesicle budding and Endocytic Trafficking of EGFR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and lipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SH3GL1.
     "
"ANKRD18B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANKRD18B (Ankyrin Repeat Domain 18B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ANKRD18B include Ovary Serous Adenocarcinoma and Large Intestine Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ANKRD18A.
     "
"ANXA2P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANXA2P2 (Annexin A2 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with ANXA2P2 include Gastric Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and calcium-dependent phospholipid binding.
                                            
     "
"AQP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AQP3 (Aquaporin 3 (Gill Blood Group)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AQP3 include Acrokeratoderma, Hereditary Papulotranslucent and Oligohydramnios.
                                            Among its related pathways are Preimplantation Embryo and Vasopressin-regulated water reabsorption.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and glycerol channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AQP10.
     "
"AQP7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AQP7 (Aquaporin 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AQP7 include Glycerol Quantitative Trait Locus and Body Mass Index Quantitative Trait Locus 11.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aquaporin-mediated transport and Regulation of lipolysis in adipocytes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and glycerol channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LOC100509620.
     "
"ARID3C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARID3C (AT-Rich Interaction Domain 3C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARID3A.
     "
"B4GALT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B4GALT1 (Beta-1,4-Galactosyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B4GALT1 include Congenital Disorder Of Glycosylation, Type Iid and Olfactory Nerve Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and cytoskeletal protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B4GALT2.
     "
"B4GALT1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B4GALT1-AS1 (B4GALT1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"BAG1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BAG1 (BAG Cochaperone 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BAG1 include Spindle Cell Hemangioma and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cellular response to heat stress and Cellular Senescence (REACTOME).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chaperone binding and phosphoprotein binding.
                                            
     "
"C9orf131"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C9orf131 (Chromosome 9 Open Reading Frame 131) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C9orf24"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C9orf24 (Chromosome 9 Open Reading Frame 24) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include alpha-tubulin binding.
                                            
     "
"CCL19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCL19 (C-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 19) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCL19 include Polyradiculoneuropathy and Central Nervous System Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chemokine activity and CCR10 chemokine receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCL21.
     "
"CCL21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCL21 (C-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCL21 include Gastric Lymphoma and Sjogren Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chemokine activity and CCR7 chemokine receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CX3CL1.
     "
"CCL27"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCL27 (C-C Motif Chemokine Ligand 27) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCL27 include Melanoma and Allergic Contact Dermatitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chemokine activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCL28.
     "
"CHMP5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHMP5 (Charged Multivesicular Body Protein 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Budding and maturation of HIV virion and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHMP4B.
     "
"CNTFR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTFR (Ciliary Neurotrophic Factor Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTFR include Cold-Induced Sweating Syndrome and Crisponi/Cold-Induced Sweating Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Interleukin-6 family signaling and JAK-STAT signaling pathway (KEGG).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and ciliary neurotrophic factor receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IL11RA.
     "
"CNTFR-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTFR-AS1 (CNTFR Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DCAF12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCAF12 (DDB1 And CUL4 Associated Factor 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCAF12L2.
     "
"DCTN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCTN3 (Dynactin Subunit 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCTN3 include Cardiomyopathy, Familial Hypertrophic, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity.
                                            
     "
"DNAI1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAI1 (Dynein Axonemal Intermediate Chain 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DNAI1 include Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 1 and Kartagener Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WDR78.
     "
"DNAJB5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAJB5 (DnaJ Heat Shock Protein Family (Hsp40) Member B5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DNAJB5 include Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Recessive Intermediate A and Neuropathy, Hereditary Sensory And Autonomic, Type Ia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding and chaperone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNAJB1.
     "
"DNAJB5-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAJB5-DT (DNAJB5 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ENHO"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ENHO (Energy Homeostasis Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM205A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM205A (Family With Sequence Similarity 205 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SPATA31D1.
     "
"FAM205BP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM205BP (Family With Sequence Similarity 205 Member B, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM205C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM205C (Family With Sequence Similarity 205 Member C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM205A.
     "
"FAM219A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM219A (Family With Sequence Similarity 219 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM219B.
     "
"GALT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GALT (Galactose-1-Phosphate Uridylyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GALT include Galactosemia and Galactokinase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Galactose metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include UDP-glucose:hexose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"IL11RA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL11RA (Interleukin 11 Receptor Subunit Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL11RA include Craniosynostosis And Dental Anomalies and Craniosynostosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic cell lineage and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and cytokine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000258728.
     "
"KIF24"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KIF24 (Kinesin Family Member 24) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KIF24 include Orofaciodigital Syndrome I and Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group B.
                                            Among its related pathways are Organelle biogenesis and maintenance and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KIF2C.
     "
"LINC01251"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01251 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1251) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC730098"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC730098 (Uncharacterized LOC730098) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR12117"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR12117 (MicroRNA 12117) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6851"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6851 (MicroRNA 6851) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MYORG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYORG (Myogenesis Regulating Glycosidase (Putative)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MYORG include Basal Ganglia Calcification, Idiopathic, 7, Autosomal Recessive and Basal Ganglia Calcification, Idiopathic, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ectoderm Differentiation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MGAM.
     "
"NFX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NFX1 (Nuclear Transcription Factor, X-Box Binding 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NFX1 include Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are PI3K-Akt signaling pathway and Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NFXL1.
     "
"NOL6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOL6 (Nucleolar Protein 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOL6 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 1 and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding.
                                            
     "
"NUDT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUDT2 (Nudix Hydrolase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of nucleotides.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and bis(5'-nucleosyl)-tetraphosphatase (asymmetrical) activity.
                                            
     "
"PHF24"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PHF24 (PHD Finger Protein 24) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PHF24 include Myiasis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EFCAB6.
     "
"PRSS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRSS3 (Serine Protease 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRSS3 include Thyroiditis and Rickettsialpox.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and serine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRSS2.
     "
"PTENP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PTENP1 (Phosphatase And Tensin Homolog Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with PTENP1 include Prostate Disease and Endometrial Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PTENP1-AS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PTENP1-AS (PTENP1 Antisense RNA) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RPP25L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPP25L (Ribonuclease P/MRP Subunit P25 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ribosome biogenesis in eukaryotes and RNA transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPP25.
     "
"SIGMAR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SIGMAR1 (Sigma Non-Opioid Intracellular Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SIGMAR1 include Spinal Muscular Atrophy, Distal, Autosomal Recessive, 2 and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 16, Juvenile.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neuroscience.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include opioid receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"SMU1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMU1 (SMU1 DNA Replication Regulator And Spliceosomal Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMU1 include Influenza and Mandibular Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD121A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD121A (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 121A) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD121B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD121B (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 121B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPINK4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPINK4 (Serine Peptidase Inhibitor Kazal Type 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase inhibitor activity.
                                            
     "
"SUGT1P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SUGT1P1 (SUGT1 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"UBAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBAP1 (Ubiquitin Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UBAP1 include Spastic Paraplegia 80, Autosomal Dominant and Intermediate Coronary Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBAP1L.
     "
"UBAP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBAP2 (Ubiquitin Associated Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBAP2L.
     "
"UBE2R2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBE2R2 (Ubiquitin Conjugating Enzyme E2 R2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin protein ligase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDC34.
     "
"ACBD7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACBD7 (Acyl-CoA Binding Domain Containing 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include lipid binding and fatty-acyl-CoA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DBI.
     "
"ACBD7-DCLRE1CP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACBD7-DCLRE1CP1 (ACBD7-DCLRE1CP1 Readthrough) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C1QL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1QL3 (Complement C1q Like 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C1QL3 include Intermittent Explosive Disorder.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C1QL1.
     "
"CDNF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDNF (Cerebral Dopamine Neurotrophic Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDNF include Baritosis and Indolent Systemic Mastocytosis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MANF.
     "
"DCLRE1C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCLRE1C (DNA Cross-Link Repair 1C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCLRE1C include Severe Combined Immunodeficiency With Sensitivity To Ionizing Radiation and Omenn Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA damage_NHEJ mechanisms of DSBs repair and DNA Damage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include 5'-3' exonuclease activity and single-stranded DNA endodeoxyribonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCLRE1B.
     "
"DCLRE1CP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCLRE1CP1 (DNA Cross-Link Repair 1C Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM107B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM107B (Family With Sequence Similarity 107 Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM107B include Intracranial Vasospasm and Vestibulocochlear Nerve Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM107A.
     "
"FAM171A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM171A1 (Family With Sequence Similarity 171 Member A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM171A2.
     "
"HSPA14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPA14 (Heat Shock Protein Family A (Hsp70) Member 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSPA14 include Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia, Type 2A and Autoimmune Atherosclerosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of degradation of deltaF508 CFTR in CF and Proteolysis Role of Parkin in the Ubiquitin-Proteasomal Pathway.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSPA2.
     "
"ITGA8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGA8 (Integrin Subunit Alpha 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGA8 include Renal Hypodysplasia/Aplasia 1 and Renal Agenesis, Bilateral.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITGAV.
     "
"MEIG1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MEIG1 (Meiosis/Spermiogenesis Associated 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MEIG1 include Cardiomyopathy, Familial Hypertrophic, 7 and 46 Xx Gonadal Dysgenesis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MINDY3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MINDY3 (MINDY Lysine 48 Deubiquitinase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MINDY4.
     "
"NMT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NMT2 (N-Myristoyltransferase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NMT2 include Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Budding and maturation of HIV virion and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NMT1.
     "
"OLAH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OLAH (Oleoyl-ACP Hydrolase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OLAH include Rheumatoid Arthritis and Arthritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, acting on ester bonds and myristoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] hydrolase activity.
                                            
     "
"PPIAP30"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPIAP30 (Peptidylprolyl Isomerase A Pseudogene 30) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PTER"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PTER (Phosphotriesterase Related) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PTER include Chromosome 18P Deletion Syndrome and Chromosome 9P Deletion Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, acting on ester bonds and endodeoxyribonuclease activity, producing 5'-phosphomonoesters.
                                            
     "
"RPP38"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPP38 (Ribonuclease P/MRP Subunit P38) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPP38 include Cartilage-Hair Hypoplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and tRNA processing.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ribonuclease P activity.
                                            
     "
"RPP38-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPP38-DT (RPP38 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SUV39H2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SUV39H2 (Suppressor Of Variegation 3-9 Homolog 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and PKMTs methylate histone lysines.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and transcription regulatory region sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SUV39H1.
     "
"ACTR1A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACTR1A (Actin Related Protein 1A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACTR1A include Brachydactyly, Type A3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ACTR1B.
     "
"ARL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL3 (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARL3 include Joubert Syndrome 35 and Retinitis Pigmentosa 83.
                                            Among its related pathways are Organelle biogenesis and maintenance and Cargo trafficking to the periciliary membrane.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARL2.
     "
"ARMH3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARMH3 (Armadillo Like Helical Domain Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARMH3 include Crohn's Colitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"AS3MT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AS3MT (Arsenite Methyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AS3MT include Borst-Jadassohn Intraepidermal Carcinoma and Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are arsenate detoxification I (glutaredoxin) and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include methyltransferase activity and protein-L-isoaspartate (D-aspartate) O-methyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COQ5.
     "
"BORCS7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BORCS7 (BLOC-1 Related Complex Subunit 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BORCS7 include Breast Apocrine Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BORCS7-ASMT.
     "
"BORCS7-ASMT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BORCS7-ASMT (BORCS7-ASMT Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BORCS7.
     "
"BTRC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BTRC (Beta-Transducin Repeat Containing E3 Ubiquitin Protein Ligase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BTRC include Isolated Split Hand-Split Foot Malformation and Vaccinia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR) and Signaling by Wnt.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXW11.
     "
"C10orf95"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C10orf95 (Chromosome 10 Open Reading Frame 95) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CNNM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNNM2 (Cyclin And CBS Domain Divalent Metal Cation Transport Mediator 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNNM2 include Hypomagnesemia, Seizures, And Mental Retardation 1 and Hypomagnesemia 6, Renal.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include adenyl nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNNM4.
     "
"CUEDC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CUEDC2 (CUE Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CUEDC2 include Hypertrophy Of Breast and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Toll-like Receptor Signaling Pathway and DNA Damage.
                                            
                                            
     "
"CYP17A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYP17A1 (Cytochrome P450 Family 17 Subfamily A Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYP17A1 include Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital, Due To 17-Alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Metabolism of steroid hormones.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen.
                                            
     "
"DPCD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DPCD (Deleted In Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia Homolog (Mouse)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DPCD include Pulmonary Subvalvular Stenosis and Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ELOVL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ELOVL3 (ELOVL Fatty Acid Elongase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis and alpha-linolenic (omega3) and linoleic (omega6) acid metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ELOVL6.
     "
"FBXL15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXL15 (F-Box And Leucine Rich Repeat Protein 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXL15 include Occlusion Precerebral Artery.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXL7.
     "
"FBXW4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXW4 (F-Box And WD Repeat Domain Containing 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXW4 include Split Hand-Foot Malformation and Split-Hand/Foot Malformation 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Chaperonin-mediated protein folding.
                                            
                                            
     "
"FGF8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGF8 (Fibroblast Growth Factor 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGF8 include Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism 6 With Or Without Anosmia and Kallmann Syndrome 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are FGFR1 mutant receptor activation and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity and fibroblast growth factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGF17.
     "
"GBF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GBF1 (Golgi Brefeldin A Resistant Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GBF1 include Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Clathrin derived vesicle budding.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and ARF guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARFGEF2.
     "
"HPS6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HPS6 (HPS6 Biogenesis Of Lysosomal Organelles Complex 2 Subunit 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HPS6 include Hermansky-Pudlak Syndrome 6 and Hermansky-Pudlak Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rab GTPase binding and GTP-dependent protein binding.
                                            
     "
"KCNIP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNIP2 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Interacting Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNIP2 include Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 19/22 and Brugada Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and Antiarrhythmic Pathway, Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and protein N-terminus binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNIP3.
     "
"KCNIP2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNIP2-AS1 (KCNIP2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LDB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LDB1 (LIM Domain Binding 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LDB1 include Brain Stem Infarction and Nail-Patella Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transcriptional misregulation in cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LDB2.
     "
"LINC02681"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02681 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2681) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC107984265"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC107984265 (Uncharacterized LOC107984265) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MFSD13A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MFSD13A (Major Facilitator Superfamily Domain Containing 13A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR146B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR146B (MicroRNA 146b) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR146B include Glioma and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Differentiation - Index.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3158-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3158-1 (MicroRNA 3158-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3158-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3158-2 (MicroRNA 3158-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NFKB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NFKB2 (Nuclear Factor Kappa B Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NFKB2 include Immunodeficiency, Common Variable, 10 and Immunodeficiency, Common Variable, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Toll-like Receptor Signaling Pathway and Transcription_NF-kB signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription coactivator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NFKB1.
     "
"NOLC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOLC1 (Nucleolar And Coiled-Body Phosphoprotein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOLC1 include Lissencephaly and Treacher Collins Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding.
                                            
     "
"NPM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPM3 (Nucleophosmin/Nucleoplasmin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NPM3 include Lung Papillary Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPM1.
     "
"NT5C2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NT5C2 (5'-Nucleotidase, Cytosolic II) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NT5C2 include Spastic Paraplegia 45, Autosomal Recessive and Paraplegia.
                                            Among its related pathways are ATP/ITP metabolism and Thiopurine Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and nucleoside phosphotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NT5DC4.
     "
"OGA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OGA (O-GlcNAcase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OGA include Danubian Endemic Familial Nephropathy and Gm2-Gangliosidosis, Ab Variant.
                                            Among its related pathways are Insulin resistance.
                                            
                                            
     "
"PITX3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PITX3 (Paired Like Homeodomain 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PITX3 include Cataract 11, Multiple Types and Anterior Segment Dysgenesis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Dopaminergic Neurogenesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and proximal promoter DNA-binding transcription activator activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PITX2.
     "
"POLL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POLL (DNA Polymerase Lambda) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with POLL include Split-Hand/Foot Malformation 3 and Alzheimer Disease 19.
                                            Among its related pathways are Telomere C-strand (Lagging Strand) Synthesis and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include lyase activity and DNA polymerase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is POLB.
     "
"PPRC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPRC1 (PPARG Related Coactivator 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPRC1 include Epithelial Recurrent Erosion Dystrophy and Retinitis Pigmentosa 45.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial Gene Expression and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPARGC1A.
     "
"PSD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSD (Pleckstrin And Sec7 Domain Containing) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSD include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 1 and Branch Retinal Artery Occlusion.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endocytosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and ARF guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PSD2.
     "
"RPARP-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPARP-AS1 (RPARP Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RPEL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPEL1 (Ribulose-5-Phosphate-3-Epimerase Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPEL1 include Griscelli Syndrome, Type 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Carbon metabolism and Porphyrin and chlorophyll metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include racemase and epimerase activity, acting on carbohydrates and derivatives and ribulose-phosphate 3-epimerase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPE.
     "
"SFXN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SFXN2 (Sideroflexin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cation transmembrane transporter activity and ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SFXN3.
     "
"SUFU"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SUFU (SUFU Negative Regulator Of Hedgehog Signaling) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SUFU include Joubert Syndrome 32 and Basal Cell Nevus Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Hedgehog signaling events mediated by Gli proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            
     "
"TRIM8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM8 (Tripartite Motif Containing 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM8 include Early Infantile Epileptic Encephalopathy and Lateral Displacement Of Eye.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interferon gamma signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM36.
     "
"WBP1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WBP1L (WW Domain Binding Protein 1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WBP1.
     "
"BAG3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BAG3 (BAG Cochaperone 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BAG3 include Myopathy, Myofibrillar, 6 and Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1Hh.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cellular response to heat stress and Cellular Senescence (REACTOME).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chaperone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BAG4.
     "
"CACUL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CACUL1 (CDK2 Associated Cullin Domain 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CACUL1 include Retroperitoneum Carcinoma and Xeroderma Pigmentosum Group E.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and ubiquitin protein ligase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CUL4A.
     "
"EIF3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF3A (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 3 Subunit A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF3A include Breast Cancer and Bardet-Biedl Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are IL2 signaling events mediated by PI3K and Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation initiation factor activity.
                                            
     "
"FAM45A"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for DENND10 Gene
             
         
         
                                            DENND10 (DENN Domain Containing 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DENND10 include Shipyard Eye.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GRK5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GRK5 (G Protein-Coupled Receptor Kinase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GRK5 include Systolic Heart Failure and Asthma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GRK6.
     "
"INPP5F"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            INPP5F (Inositol Polyphosphate-5-Phosphatase F) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with INPP5F include Foramen Magnum Meningioma and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 4J.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphoric ester hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SYNJ1.
     "
"LINC01561"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01561 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1561) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MCMBP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MCMBP (Minichromosome Maintenance Complex Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding.
                                            
     "
"MIR4681"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4681 (MicroRNA 4681) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4682"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4682 (MicroRNA 4682) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NANOS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NANOS1 (Nanos C2HC-Type Zinc Finger 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NANOS1 include Spermatogenic Failure 12 and Male Infertility With Teratozoospermia Due To Single Gene Mutation.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and translation repressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NANOS3.
     "
"PLPP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLPP4 (Phospholipid Phosphatase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of actin dynamics for phagocytic cup formation and Role of phospholipids in phagocytosis.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLPP5.
     "
"PRDX3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRDX3 (Peroxiredoxin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRDX3 include Fuchs' Endothelial Dystrophy and Prostate Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Validated targets of C-MYC transcriptional activation and Detoxification of Reactive Oxygen Species.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and oxidoreductase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRDX4.
     "
"RGS10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RGS10 (Regulator Of G Protein Signaling 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RGS10 include Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group F and Osteopetrosis, Autosomal Recessive 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Myometrial Relaxation and Contraction Pathways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RGS12.
     "
"RPL21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL21 (Ribosomal Protein L21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPL21 include Hypotrichosis 12 and Hypotrichosis Simplex.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Influenza Viral RNA Transcription and Replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"SEC23IP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEC23IP (SEC23 Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEC23IP include Waardenburg's Syndrome and Nodular Malignant Melanoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DDHD2.
     "
"SFXN4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SFXN4 (Sideroflexin 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SFXN4 include Combined Oxidative Phosphorylation Deficiency 18 and Macrocytic Anemia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cation transmembrane transporter activity and ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SFXN5.
     "
"SNORA19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA19 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 19) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORA19 include Short-Rib Thoracic Dysplasia 2 With Or Without Polydactyly and Acrodermatitis Chronica Atrophicans.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TIAL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TIAL1 (TIA1 Cytotoxic Granule Associated RNA Binding Protein Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TIAL1 include Salpingitis Isthmica Nodosa and Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TIA1.
     "
"WDR11-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WDR11-AS1 (WDR11 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with WDR11-AS1 include Kallmann Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ADM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADM (Adrenomedullin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADM include Pheochromocytoma and Malignant Hypertension.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Sympathetic Nerve Pathway (Neuroeffector Junction).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and adrenomedullin receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADM2.
     "
"AMPD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AMPD3 (Adenosine Monophosphate Deaminase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AMPD3 include Erythrocyte Amp Deaminase Deficiency and Myopathy Due To Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and ATP/ITP metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include deaminase activity and AMP deaminase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AMPD1.
     "
"CAND1.11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CAND1.11 (Uncharacterized LOC100130460) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CSNK2A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CSNK2A3 (Casein Kinase 2 Alpha 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CSNK2A3 include Renal Pelvis Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Wnt Signaling Pathways: beta-Catenin-dependent Wnt Signaling and T cell receptor signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CSNK2A1.
     "
"CTR9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTR9 (CTR9 Homolog, Paf1/RNA Polymerase II Complex Component) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTR9 include Hereditary Wilms' Tumor and Malignant Fibrous Histiocytoma Of Bone.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SH2 domain binding and RNA polymerase II complex binding.
                                            
     "
"EIF4G2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF4G2 (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 4 Gamma 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF4G2 include Cataract 18 and Spontaneous Ocular Nystagmus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism Insulin signaling-generic cascades and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF4G1.
     "
"GALNT18"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GALNT18 (Polypeptide N-Acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 18) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GALNT9.
     "
"LINC02709"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02709 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2709) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928008"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928008 (Uncharacterized LOC101928008) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC101928008 include Early-Onset Glaucoma and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 4B2.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928053"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928053 (Uncharacterized LOC101928053) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LYVE1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LYVE1 (Lymphatic Vessel Endothelial Hyaluronan Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LYVE1 include Intramuscular Hemangioma and Complete Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycosaminoglycan metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hyaluronic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD44.
     "
"MIR4485"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4485 (MicroRNA 4485) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MRVI1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRVI1 (Murine Retrovirus Integration Site 1 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MRVI1 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Nitric oxide stimulates guanylate cyclase and cGMP-PKG signaling pathway.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LRMP.
     "
"MRVI1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRVI1-AS1 (MRVI1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MTRNR2L8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MTRNR2L8 (MT-RNR2 Like 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MTRNR2L8 include Bare Lymphocyte Syndrome, Type Ii.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTRNR2L12.
     "
"RNF141"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF141 (Ring Finger Protein 141) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            
     "
"SBF2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SBF2 (SET Binding Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SBF2 include Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 4B2 and Neuropathy, Congenital Hypomyelinating, 1, Autosomal Recessive.
                                            Among its related pathways are RAB GEFs exchange GTP for GDP on RABs and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and phosphatidylinositol binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SBF1.
     "
"SBF2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SBF2-AS1 (SBF2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SBF2-AS1 include Esophageal Cancer and Lung Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD97"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD97 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 97) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORD97 include Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SWAP70"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SWAP70 (Switching B Cell Complex Subunit SWAP70) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are NF-kappaB Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DEF6.
     "
"WEE1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WEE1 (WEE1 G2 Checkpoint Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WEE1 include Western Equine Encephalitis and Gum Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Human cytomegalovirus infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WEE2.
     "
"ZBED5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBED5 (Zinc Finger BED-Type Containing 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZBED9.
     "
"ZBED5-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBED5-AS1 (ZBED5 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ANKRD42"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANKRD42 (Ankyrin Repeat Domain 42) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome and NF-kappaB binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ANKRD37.
     "
"CCDC90B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC90B (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 90B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC90B include Oculoauricular Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MCUR1.
     "
"DDIAS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DDIAS (DNA Damage Induced Apoptosis Suppressor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DDIAS include Carbuncle.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DLG2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DLG2 (Discs Large MAGUK Scaffold Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DLG2 include Renal Oncocytoma and Chronic Pain.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hippo signaling pathway and Tight junction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include kinase binding and guanylate kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DLG1.
     "
"LOC100506282"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100506282 (Uncharacterized LOC100506282) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PCF11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCF11 (PCF11 Cleavage And Polyadenylation Factor Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PCF11 include Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 4, Juvenile.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Processing of Capped Intronless Pre-mRNA.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include mRNA binding and RNA polymerase II complex binding.
                                            
     "
"PCF11-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCF11-AS1 (PCF11 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PRCP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRCP (Prolylcarboxypeptidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRCP include Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency Of Red Cells and Congenital Nonspherocytic Hemolytic Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Formation of Fibrin Clot (Clotting Cascade).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type peptidase activity and serine-type carboxypeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DPP7.
     "
"RAB30"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB30 (RAB30, Member RAS Oncogene Family) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAB43.
     "
"RAB30-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB30-DT (RAB30 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA70E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA70E (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 70E) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ACAD8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACAD8 (Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Family Member 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACAD8 include Isobutyryl-Coa Dehydrogenase Deficiency and Acyl-Coa Dehydrogenase, Short-Chain, Deficiency Of.
                                            Among its related pathways are Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include flavin adenine dinucleotide binding and acyl-CoA dehydrogenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ACADS.
     "
"B3GAT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GAT1 (Beta-1,3-Glucuronyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B3GAT1 include Natural Killer Cell Leukemia and Renal Adenoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycosaminoglycan metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include UDP-galactose:beta-N-acetylglucosamine beta-1,3-galactosyltransferase activity and galactosylgalactosylxylosylprotein 3-beta-glucuronosyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GAT2.
     "
"GLB1L2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GLB1L2 (Galactosidase Beta 1 Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GLB1L2 include Cleft Palate, Isolated.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, hydrolyzing O-glycosyl compounds and beta-galactosidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GLB1L3.
     "
"GLB1L3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GLB1L3 (Galactosidase Beta 1 Like 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GLB1L3 include Gm1 Gangliosidosis and Leber Congenital Amaurosis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity, hydrolyzing O-glycosyl compounds and beta-galactosidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GLB1L2.
     "
"IGSF9B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IGSF9B (Immunoglobulin Superfamily Member 9B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IGSF9.
     "
"JAM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            JAM3 (Junctional Adhesion Molecule 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with JAM3 include Hemorrhagic Destruction Of The Brain, Subependymal Calcification, And Cataracts and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and integrin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is JAM2.
     "
"LINC02714"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02714 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2714) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02731"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02731 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2731) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02743"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02743 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2743) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC283177"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC283177 (Uncharacterized LOC283177) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC283177 include Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4697"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4697 (MicroRNA 4697) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4697HG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4697HG (MIR4697 Host Gene) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4697HG include Ovarian Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NCAPD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NCAPD3 (Non-SMC Condensin II Complex Subunit D3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NCAPD3 include Microcephaly 22, Primary, Autosomal Recessive and Primary Autosomal Recessive Microcephaly.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and DNA Damage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and methylated histone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NCAPD2.
     "
"OPCML"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OPCML (Opioid Binding Protein/Cell Adhesion Molecule Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OPCML include Ovarian Cancer and Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism 14 With Or Without Anosmia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Post-translational modification- synthesis of GPI-anchored proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include opioid receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NTM.
     "
"SNORD153"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD153 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 153) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPATA19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPATA19 (Spermatogenesis Associated 19) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPATA19 include Multiple Mucosal Neuroma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"THYN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            THYN1 (Thymocyte Nuclear Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with THYN1 include Myh-9 Related Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"VPS26B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS26B (VPS26, Retromer Complex Component B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS26B include Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endocytosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VPS26A.
     "
"ABCD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCD2 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily D Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCD2 include Adrenoleukodystrophy and Zellweger Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and Nuclear Receptors in Lipid Metabolism and Toxicity.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ATPase activity, coupled to transmembrane movement of substances.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABCD1.
     "
"C12orf40"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C12orf40 (Chromosome 12 Open Reading Frame 40) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CNTN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTN1 (Contactin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTN1 include Myopathy, Congenital, Compton-North and Myopathy, Congenital.
                                            Among its related pathways are Notch Signaling Pathway (WikiPathways) and Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNTN5.
     "
"KIF21A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KIF21A (Kinesin Family Member 21A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KIF21A include Fibrosis Of Extraocular Muscles, Congenital, 1 and Tukel Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport and Reelin Pathway (Cajal-Retzius cells).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and microtubule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KIF21B.
     "
"LINC02471"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02471 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2471) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LRRK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRRK2 (Leucine Rich Repeat Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LRRK2 include Parkinson Disease 8, Autosomal Dominant and Hereditary Late-Onset Parkinson Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by PTK6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNNI3K.
     "
"MUC19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MUC19 (Mucin 19, Oligomeric) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MUC19 include Tn Polyagglutination Syndrome and Colorectal Cancer 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and CLEC7A (Dectin-1) signaling.
                                            
                                            
     "
"PDZRN4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDZRN4 (PDZ Domain Containing Ring Finger 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin-protein transferase activity and ubiquitin protein ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PDZRN3.
     "
"SLC2A13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC2A13 (Solute Carrier Family 2 Member 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are NRF2 pathway and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate:proton symporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC2A12.
     "
"ANO6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANO6 (Anoctamin 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ANO6 include Scott Syndrome and Spinocerebellar Ataxia, Autosomal Recessive 10.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ion channel transport and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and voltage-gated chloride channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ANO5.
     "
"ARID2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARID2 (AT-Rich Interaction Domain 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARID2 include Coffin-Siris Syndrome 6 and Coffin-Siris Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            
     "
"DBX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DBX2 (Developing Brain Homeobox 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DBX1.
     "
"LINC00938"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00938 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 938) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100288798"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100288798 (Uncharacterized LOC100288798) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PLEKHA8P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLEKHA8P1 (Pleckstrin Homology Domain Containing A8 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glycolipid binding and glycolipid transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"RACGAP1P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RACGAP1P (Rac GTPase Activating Protein 1 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SCAF11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCAF11 (SR-Related CTD Associated Factor 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Apoptosis Modulation and Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PHRF1.
     "
"SLC38A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC38A1 (Solute Carrier Family 38 Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC38A1 include Klatskin's Tumor.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian entrainment and Synaptic vesicle cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include neutral amino acid transmembrane transporter activity and amino acid:sodium symporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC38A4.
     "
"SLC38A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC38A2 (Solute Carrier Family 38 Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC38A2 include Adult Syndrome and Persistent Fetal Circulation Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian entrainment and Neurotransmitter Release Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include symporter activity and amino acid transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC38A4.
     "
"SLC38A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC38A4 (Solute Carrier Family 38 Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC38A4 include Loeys-Dietz Syndrome 2 and Tricuspid Valve Insufficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and Amino acid transport across the plasma membrane.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include symporter activity and amino acid transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC38A2.
     "
"ABCB9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCB9 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily B Member 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCB9 include Nemaline Myopathy 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ATPase activity, coupled to transmembrane movement of substances.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAP2.
     "
"ARL6IP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL6IP4 (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 6 Interacting Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARL6IP4 include Blount's Disease and Syndromic X-Linked Intellectual Disability Snyder Type.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ATP6V0A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP6V0A2 (ATPase H+ Transporting V0 Subunit A2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP6V0A2 include Wrinkly Skin Syndrome and Cutis Laxa, Autosomal Recessive, Type Iia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Insulin receptor recycling and Synaptic vesicle cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase binding and proton-transporting ATPase activity, rotational mechanism.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP6V0A1.
     "
"B3GNT4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            B3GNT4 (UDP-GlcNAc:BetaGal Beta-1,3-N-Acetylglucosaminyltransferase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with B3GNT4 include Dowling-Degos Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Keratan sulfate/keratin metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring glycosyl groups and N-acetyllactosaminide beta-1,3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is B3GNT9.
     "
"BCL7A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BCL7A (BAF Chromatin Remodeling Complex Subunit BCL7A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BCL7A include Lymphoma and B-Cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BCL7C.
     "
"C12orf65"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C12orf65 (Chromosome 12 Open Reading Frame 65) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C12orf65 include Spastic Paraplegia 55, Autosomal Recessive and Combined Oxidative Phosphorylation Deficiency 7.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation release factor activity.
                                            
     "
"CCDC62"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC62 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 62) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC62 include Postencephalitic Parkinson Disease and Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nuclear receptor transcription coactivator activity and estrogen receptor binding.
                                            
     "
"CDK2AP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDK2AP1 (Cyclin Dependent Kinase 2 Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDK2AP1 include Oral Cancer and Campylobacteriosis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA polymerase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDK2AP2.
     "
"CLIP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLIP1 (CAP-Gly Domain Containing Linker Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLIP1 include Autosomal Recessive Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability and Subserous Uterine Fibroid.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase and RHO GTPases activate IQGAPs.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and microtubule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLIP2.
     "
"CLIP1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLIP1-AS1 (CLIP1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CLIP1-AS1 include Astrocytoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DDX55"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DDX55 (DEAD-Box Helicase 55) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DDX10.
     "
"DENR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DENR (Density Regulated Re-Initiation And Release Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DENR include Optic Nerve Disease and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation initiation factor activity.
                                            
     "
"DIABLO"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DIABLO (Diablo IAP-Binding Mitochondrial Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DIABLO include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 64 and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Sensorineural Deafness Type Dfna.
                                            Among its related pathways are Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000284934.
     "
"DNAH10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAH10 (Dynein Axonemal Heavy Chain 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DNAH10 include Lipodystrophy, Familial Partial, Type 1 and Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNAH9.
     "
"EIF2B1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF2B1 (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 2B Subunit Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF2B1 include Leukoencephalopathy With Vanishing White Matter and Childhood Ataxia With Central Nervous System Hypomyelination / Vanishing White Matter.
                                            Among its related pathways are Translation Factors and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and translation initiation factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF2B4.
     "
"GTF2H3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GTF2H3 (General Transcription Factor IIH Subunit 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GTF2H3 include Leukoencephalopathy With Vanishing White Matter and Cockayne Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat and RNA Polymerase II Transcription Initiation And Promoter Clearance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein N-terminus binding.
                                            
     "
"HCAR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCAR1 (Hydroxycarboxylic Acid Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HCAR1 include Pellagra and Diversion Colitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HCAR2.
     "
"HCAR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCAR2 (Hydroxycarboxylic Acid Receptor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HCAR2 include Pellagra and Diversion Colitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and nicotinic acid receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HCAR3.
     "
"HCAR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCAR3 (Hydroxycarboxylic Acid Receptor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HCAR3 include Pellagra.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HCAR2.
     "
"HIP1R"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HIP1R (Huntingtin Interacting Protein 1 Related) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HIP1R include Expressive Language Disorder and Cataract 8, Multiple Types.
                                            Among its related pathways are Clathrin derived vesicle budding and wtCFTR and delta508-CFTR traffic / Generic schema (norm and CF).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and phosphatidylinositol binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HIP1.
     "
"IL31"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL31 (Interleukin 31) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL31 include Allergic Contact Dermatitis and Contact Dermatitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are PEDF Induced Signaling and Th2 Differentiation Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity.
                                            
     "
"KMT5A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KMT5A (Lysine Methyltransferase 5A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of TP53 Activity and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"KNTC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KNTC1 (Kinetochore Associated 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KNTC1 include Orbital Plasma Cell Granuloma and Chronic Orbital Inflammation.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100506691"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100506691 (Uncharacterized LOC100506691) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101593348"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101593348 (Uncharacterized LOC101593348) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LRRC43"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRRC43 (Leucine Rich Repeat Containing 43) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LRRC43 include Alstrom Syndrome and Central Hypoventilation Syndrome, Congenital.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LRRC9.
     "
"MIR3908"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3908 (MicroRNA 3908) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4304"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4304 (MicroRNA 4304) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR8072"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR8072 (MicroRNA 8072) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR9902-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR9902-1 (MicroRNA 9902-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR9902-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR9902-2 (MicroRNA 9902-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MLXIP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MLXIP (MLX Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Insulin resistance and Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MLXIPL.
     "
"MPHOSPH9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MPHOSPH9 (M-Phase Phosphoprotein 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MPHOSPH9 include Plasmacytic Leukemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"OGFOD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OGFOD2 (2-Oxoglutarate And Iron Dependent Oxygenase Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen, 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, and incorporation of one atom each of oxygen into both donors.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP5MF-PTCD1.
     "
"PITPNM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PITPNM2 (Phosphatidylinositol Transfer Protein Membrane Associated 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PITPNM2 include Retinal Degeneration and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and lipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PITPNM1.
     "
"PITPNM2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PITPNM2-AS1 (PITPNM2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PSMD9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSMD9 (Proteasome 26S Subunit, Non-ATPase 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSMD9 include Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and bHLH transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000256950.
     "
"RILPL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RILPL1 (Rab Interacting Lysosomal Protein Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RILPL1 include Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex, Ogna Type and Alzheimer Disease 3.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RILP.
     "
"RILPL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RILPL2 (Rab Interacting Lysosomal Protein Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RILPL2 include Hepatitis C Virus and Griscelli Syndrome, Type 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RILPL1.
     "
"RSRC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RSRC2 (Arginine And Serine Rich Coiled-Coil 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RSRC2 include Strabismus.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SRSF4.
     "
"SBNO1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SBNO1 (Strawberry Notch Homolog 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SBNO2.
     "
"SBNO1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SBNO1-AS1 (SBNO1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA9B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA9B (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 9B) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNRNP35"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNRNP35 (Small Nuclear Ribonucleoprotein U11/U12 Subunit 35) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SNRNP70.
     "
"TCTN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TCTN2 (Tectonic Family Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TCTN2 include Meckel Syndrome, Type 8 and Joubert Syndrome 24.
                                            Among its related pathways are Organelle biogenesis and maintenance and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TCTN3.
     "
"TMED2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMED2 (Transmembrane P24 Trafficking Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMED2 include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1M and Cardiomyopathy, Familial Hypertrophic, 7.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMED7.
     "
"TMED2-DT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMED2-DT (TMED2 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"VPS33A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS33A (VPS33A Core Subunit Of CORVET And HOPS Complexes) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS33A include Mucopolysaccharidosis-Plus Syndrome and Arthrogryposis, Renal Dysfunction, And Cholestasis 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000256861.
     "
"VPS37B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS37B (VPS37B Subunit Of ESCRT-I) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Budding and maturation of HIV virion and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium-dependent protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VPS37C.
     "
"WDR66"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WDR66 (WD Repeat Domain 66) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WDR66 include Spermatogenic Failure 33 and Non-Syndromic Male Infertility Due To Sperm Motility Disorder.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EML5.
     "
"ZCCHC8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZCCHC8 (Zinc Finger CCHC-Type Containing 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZCCHC8 include Pulmonary Fibrosis And/Or Bone Marrow Failure, Telomere-Related, 5 and Pulmonary Fibrosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ANHX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANHX (Anomalous Homeobox) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SIX5.
     "
"ANKLE2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANKLE2 (Ankyrin Repeat And LEM Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ANKLE2 include Microcephaly 16, Primary, Autosomal Recessive and Microcephaly.
                                            Among its related pathways are Nuclear Envelope Reassembly and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein phosphatase 2A binding.
                                            
     "
"CHFR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHFR (Checkpoint With Forkhead And Ring Finger Domains) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHFR include Hypertrichosis Universalis Congenita, Ambras Type.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            
     "
"DDX51"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DDX51 (DEAD-Box Helicase 51) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DDX42.
     "
"EP400"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EP400 (E1A Binding Protein P400) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EP400 include Ossifying Fibromyxoid Tumor and Epilepsy, Familial Temporal Lobe, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization and DNA Damage/Telomere Stress Induced Senescence.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SRCAP.
     "
"EP400P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EP400P1 (EP400 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with EP400P1 include Chromosome 13Q14 Deletion Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FBRSL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBRSL1 (Fibrosin Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBRSL1 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AUTS2.
     "
"GALNT9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GALNT9 (Polypeptide N-Acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GALNT17.
     "
"GOLGA3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GOLGA3 (Golgin A3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUMA1.
     "
"LINC02361"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02361 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2361) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02414"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02414 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2414) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100130238"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100130238 (Uncharacterized LOC100130238) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928416"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928416 (Uncharacterized LOC101928416) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928530"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928530 (Uncharacterized LOC101928530) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928597"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for ZNF84-DT Gene
             
         
         
                                            ZNF84-DT (ZNF84 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LRCOL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRCOL1 (Leucine Rich Colipase Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLPS.
     "
"MIR6763"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6763 (MicroRNA 6763) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MMP17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MMP17 (Matrix Metallopeptidase 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MMP17 include Arthritis and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Parathyroid hormone synthesis, secretion and action and Matrix Metalloproteinases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and metallopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MMP25.
     "
"NOC4L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOC4L (Nucleolar Complex Associated 4 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOC4L include Bowen-Conradi Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            
     "
"P2RX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            P2RX2 (Purinergic Receptor P2X 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with P2RX2 include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 41 and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Sensorineural Deafness Type Dfna.
                                            Among its related pathways are Peptide ligand-binding receptors and CREB Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and phosphatidylinositol binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RX3.
     "
"PGAM5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PGAM5 (PGAM Family Member 5, Mitochondrial Serine/Threonine Protein Phosphatase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PGAM5 include Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            Among its related pathways are TNF signaling pathway and Mitophagy - animal.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and phosphatase activity.
                                            
     "
"POLE"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POLE (DNA Polymerase Epsilon, Catalytic Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with POLE include Facial Dysmorphism, Immunodeficiency, Livedo, And Short Stature and Colorectal Cancer 12.
                                            Among its related pathways are Telomere C-strand (Lagging Strand) Synthesis and Homologous DNA Pairing and Strand Exchange.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and chromatin binding.
                                            
     "
"PUS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PUS1 (Pseudouridine Synthase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PUS1 include Myopathy, Lactic Acidosis, And Sideroblastic Anemia 1 and Sideroblastic Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and tRNA processing.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nuclear receptor transcription coactivator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PUS3.
     "
"PXMP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PXMP2 (Peroxisomal Membrane Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PXMP2 include Zellweger Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Peroxisome.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MPV17L2.
     "
"SFSWAP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SFSWAP (Splicing Factor SWAP) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SFSWAP include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 41 and Supraglottis Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLASRP.
     "
"SNORA49"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA49 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 49) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ULK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ULK1 (Unc-51 Like Autophagy Activating Kinase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ULK1 include Acute Laryngopharyngitis and Tuberous Sclerosis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Autophagy - animal and RAB GEFs exchange GTP for GDP on RABs.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ULK2.
     "
"ZNF10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF10 (Zinc Finger Protein 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF180.
     "
"ZNF140"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF140 (Zinc Finger Protein 140) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZFP14.
     "
"ZNF26"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF26 (Zinc Finger Protein 26) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF605.
     "
"ZNF268"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF268 (Zinc Finger Protein 268) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF268 include Cervical Cancer and Ovarian Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF182.
     "
"ZNF605"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF605 (Zinc Finger Protein 605) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF41.
     "
"ZNF84"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF84 (Zinc Finger Protein 84) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF569.
     "
"ZNF891"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF891 (Zinc Finger Protein 891) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF778.
     "
"ARL11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL11 (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARL11 include Leukemia, Chronic Lymphocytic and Familial Ovarian Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARL14.
     "
"CAB39L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CAB39L (Calcium Binding Protein 39 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CAB39L include Monocytic Leukemia and Leukemia, Acute Monocytic.
                                            Among its related pathways are mTOR signalling and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CAB39.
     "
"CDADC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDADC1 (Cytidine And DCMP Deaminase Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCTD.
     "
"CTAGE10P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTAGE10P (CTAGE Family Member 10, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CYSLTR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYSLTR2 (Cysteinyl Leukotriene Receptor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYSLTR2 include Melanoma, Uveal and Asthma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and DAG and IP3 signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and cysteinyl leukotriene receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CYSLTR1.
     "
"DLEU1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DLEU1 (Deleted In Lymphocytic Leukemia 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DLEU1 include Ovarian Epithelial Cancer and Leukemia, Chronic Lymphocytic.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DLEU2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DLEU2 (Deleted In Lymphocytic Leukemia 2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DLEU2 include Lymphocytic Leukemia and Larynx Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"EBPL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EBPL (EBP Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EBPL include Malignant Mesenchymoma and Mesenchymoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cholestenol delta-isomerase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EBP.
     "
"FNDC3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FNDC3A (Fibronectin Type III Domain Containing 3A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FNDC3A include Deafness, Autosomal Dominant 56 and Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 97.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FNDC3B.
     "
"KCNRG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNRG (Potassium Channel Regulator) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNRG include Autoimmune Polyendocrine Syndrome Type 1 and Autoimmune Polyendocrine Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCTD12.
     "
"KPNA3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KPNA3 (Karyopherin Subunit Alpha 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KPNA3 include Influenza and Opiate Dependence.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell cycle_Spindle assembly and chromosome separation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and protein transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KPNA4.
     "
"LINC00462"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00462 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 462) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105370203"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105370203 (Uncharacterized LOC105370203) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LPAR6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LPAR6 (Lysophosphatidic Acid Receptor 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LPAR6 include Hypotrichosis 8 and Hypotrichosis Simplex.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LPAR4.
     "
"MIR15A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR15A (MicroRNA 15a) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR15A include Pituitary Adenoma and Polycystic Kidney Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR16-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR16-1 (MicroRNA 16-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR16-1 include Pituitary Adenoma and Mantle Cell Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic Stem Cell Differentiation and Cell Differentiation - Index.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3613"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3613 (MicroRNA 3613) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR3613 include Central Nervous System Primitive Neuroectodermal Neoplasm and Medulloepithelioma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MLNR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MLNR (Motilin Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MLNR include Gastroparesis and Diabetic Autonomic Neuropathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and growth hormone-releasing hormone receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GHSR.
     "
"PHF11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PHF11 (PHD Finger Protein 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PHF11 include Asthma and Dermatitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PHF6.
     "
"RB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RB1 (RB Transcriptional Corepressor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RB1 include Retinoblastoma and Small Cell Cancer Of The Lung.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RBL2.
     "
"RCBTB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RCBTB1 (RCC1 And BTB Domain Containing Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RCBTB1 include Retinal Dystrophy With Or Without Extraocular Anomalies and Reticular Dystrophy Of Retinal Pigment Epithelium.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RCBTB2.
     "
"RCBTB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RCBTB2 (RCC1 And BTB Domain Containing Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RCBTB2 include Pleomorphic Lipoma and Postencephalitic Parkinson Disease.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Ran guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RCBTB1.
     "
"SETDB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SETDB2 (SET Domain Bifurcated Histone Lysine Methyltransferase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SETDB2 include Lymphocytic Leukemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are PKMTs methylate histone lysines and Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include histone-lysine N-methyltransferase activity and histone methyltransferase activity (H3-K9 specific).
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SETDB1.
     "
"SETDB2-PHF11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SETDB2-PHF11 (SETDB2-PHF11 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPRYD7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPRYD7 (SPRY Domain Containing 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPRYD7 include Lymphocytic Leukemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ST13P4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ST13P4 (ST13, Hsp70 Interacting Protein Pseudogene 4) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TRIM13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM13 (Tripartite Motif Containing 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM13 include Lymphocytic Leukemia and Immune Defect Due To Absence Of Thymus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Calnexin/calreticulin cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM69.
     "
"FARP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FARP1 (FERM, ARH/RhoGEF And Pleckstrin Domain Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FARP1 include Congenital Nystagmus and Pathologic Nystagmus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of RhoA activity.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rho guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity and Rac GTPase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FARP2.
     "
"HS6ST3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HS6ST3 (Heparan Sulfate 6-O-Sulfotransferase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HS6ST3 include Omodysplasia and Cantu Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycosaminoglycan metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and heparan sulfate 6-O-sulfotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HS6ST2.
     "
"IPO5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IPO5 (Importin 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Chks in Checkpoint Regulation and Influenza Viral RNA Transcription and Replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RANBP6.
     "
"LINC00359"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00359 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 359) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00456"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00456 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 456) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MBNL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MBNL2 (Muscleblind Like Splicing Regulator 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MBNL2 include Myotonic Dystrophy and Myotonic Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MBNL1.
     "
"MIR3170"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3170 (MicroRNA 3170) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4501"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4501 (MicroRNA 4501) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"OXGR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OXGR1 (Oxoglutarate Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OXGR1 include Tympanic Membrane Disease and Tympanosclerosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is P2RY1.
     "
"RAP2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAP2A (RAP2A, Member Of RAS Oncogene Family) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAP2A include Cerebral Cavernous Malformations and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 5.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Activation of cAMP-Dependent PKA.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAP2C.
     "
"RNF113B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF113B (Ring Finger Protein 113B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF113A.
     "
"CLEC14A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLEC14A (C-Type Lectin Domain Containing 14A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Apoptotic Pathways in Synovial Fibroblasts and p70S6K Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD248.
     "
"FOXA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FOXA1 (Forkhead Box A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FOXA1 include Estrogen-Receptor Positive Breast Cancer and Estrogen-Receptor Negative Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FOXA2.
     "
"LINC00517"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00517 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 517) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIPOL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIPOL1 (Mirror-Image Polydactyly 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MIPOL1 include Polydactyly and Laurin-Sandrow Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4503"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4503 (MicroRNA 4503) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NKX2-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKX2-1 (NK2 Homeobox 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NKX2-1 include Choreoathetosis And Congenital Hypothyroidism With Or Without Pulmonary Dysfunction and Chorea, Benign Hereditary.
                                            Among its related pathways are Preimplantation Embryo and Circadian rythm related genes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NKX2-4.
     "
"NKX2-1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKX2-1-AS1 (NKX2-1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with NKX2-1-AS1 include Lung Papillary Adenocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NKX2-8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKX2-8 (NK2 Homeobox 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NKX2-8 include Bronchus Adenoma and Neural Tube Defects.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NKX2-2.
     "
"PAX9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PAX9 (Paired Box 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PAX9 include Tooth Agenesis, Selective, 3 and Tooth Agenesis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway and Wnt / Hedgehog / Notch.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA polymerase II regulatory region sequence-specific DNA binding and DNA-binding transcription activator activity, RNA polymerase II-specific.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PAX1.
     "
"SLC25A21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A21 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC25A21 include Bronchus Adenoma and Synpolydactyly.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Viral mRNA Translation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A16.
     "
"SLC25A21-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A21-AS1 (SLC25A21 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC25A21-AS1 include Cutaneous Porphyria.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SSTR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SSTR1 (Somatostatin Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SSTR1 include Intracranial Hypertension, Idiopathic and Acromegaly.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and somatostatin receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SSTR4.
     "
"TTC6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TTC6 (Tetratricopeptide Repeat Domain 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TTC34.
     "
"ATG14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATG14 (Autophagy Related 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATG14 include Vici Syndrome and Myopathy, X-Linked, With Excessive Autophagy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Autophagy - animal and Autophagy Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"BMP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BMP4 (Bone Morphogenetic Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BMP4 include Microphthalmia, Syndromic 6 and Orofacial Cleft 11.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and TGF-Beta Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity and heparin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BMP2.
     "
"CDKN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDKN3 (Cyclin Dependent Kinase Inhibitor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDKN3 include Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Cowden Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and phosphoprotein phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PTP4A2.
     "
"CGRRF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CGRRF1 (Cell Growth Regulator With Ring Finger Domain 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CNIH1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNIH1 (Cornichon Family AMPA Receptor Auxiliary Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNIH1 include Bacterial Conjunctivitis and Zika Fever.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNIH3.
     "
"DLGAP5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DLGAP5 (DLG Associated Protein 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Aurora A signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphoprotein phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DLGAP1.
     "
"FBXO34"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXO34 (F-Box Protein 34) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXO46.
     "
"GCH1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GCH1 (GTP Cyclohydrolase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GCH1 include Dystonia, Dopa-Responsive and Hyperphenylalaninemia, Bh4-Deficient, B.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Folate biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and GTP binding.
                                            
     "
"GMFB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GMFB (Glia Maturation Factor Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signal transduction_Erk Interactions- Inhibition of Erk and Development Angiotensin activation of ERK.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GMFG.
     "
"KTN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KTN1 (Kinectin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KTN1 include Aplastic Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include kinesin binding.
                                            
     "
"KTN1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KTN1-AS1 (KTN1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LGALS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LGALS3 (Galectin 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LGALS3 include Follicular Adenoma and Papillary Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Hedgehog signaling events mediated by Gli proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chemoattractant activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LGALS9.
     "
"LINC00520"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00520 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 520) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC00520 include Breast Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAPK1IP1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPK1IP1L (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 1 Interacting Protein 1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAPK1IP1L include Cervix Erosion and Acute Stress Disorder.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4308"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4308 (MicroRNA 4308) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5580"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5580 (MicroRNA 5580) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RPL13AP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL13AP3 (Ribosomal Protein L13a Pseudogene 3) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"SAMD4A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SAMD4A (Sterile Alpha Motif Domain Containing 4A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation repressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SAMD4B.
     "
"SOCS4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SOCS4 (Suppressor Of Cytokine Signaling 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SOCS4 include Borderline Glaucoma and Endometrial Stromal Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Jak/STAT Signaling Pathway Intracellular Regulation and JAK-STAT signaling pathway (KEGG).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SOCS5.
     "
"TBPL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBPL2 (TATA-Box Binding Protein Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Human T-cell leukemia virus 1 infection and PI3K-Akt signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBP.
     "
"WDHD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WDHD1 (WD Repeat And HMG-Box DNA Binding Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and RNA polymerase binding.
                                            
     "
"ABCD4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCD4 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily D Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCD4 include Methylmalonic Aciduria And Homocystinuria, Cblj Type and Disorders Of Intracellular Cobalamin Metabolism.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and ATPase activity, coupled to transmembrane movement of substances.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABCD1.
     "
"ACYP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACYP1 (Acylphosphatase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACYP1 include Nephronophthisis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Naphthalene metabolism and ATP/ITP metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include acylphosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ACYP2.
     "
"ALDH6A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALDH6A1 (Aldehyde Dehydrogenase 6 Family Member A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ALDH6A1 include Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency and Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation and Carbon metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include fatty-acyl-CoA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALDH1L2.
     "
"AREL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AREL1 (Apoptosis Resistant E3 Ubiquitin Protein Ligase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AREL1 include Colorectal Cancer, Hereditary Nonpolyposis, Type 7 and Peliosis Hepatis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NEDD4.
     "
"BATF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BATF (Basic Leucine Zipper ATF-Like Transcription Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BATF include Burkitt Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and MAP Kinase Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BATF3.
     "
"BBOF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BBOF1 (Basal Body Orientation Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BBOF1 include Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCDC166.
     "
"COQ6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COQ6 (Coenzyme Q6, Monooxygenase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COQ6 include Coenzyme Q10 Deficiency, Primary, 6 and Neurilemmomatosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Ubiquinol biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include flavin adenine dinucleotide binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of molecular oxygen, NAD(P)H as one donor, and incorporation of one atom of oxygen.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KMO.
     "
"DLST"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DLST (Dihydrolipoamide S-Succinyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DLST include Paragangliomas 7 and Hereditary Paraganglioma-Pheochromocytoma Syndromes.
                                            Among its related pathways are Citrate cycle (TCA cycle) and Carbon metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity and dihydrolipoyllysine-residue succinyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DLAT.
     "
"EIF2B2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF2B2 (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 2B Subunit Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF2B2 include Leukoencephalopathy With Vanishing White Matter and Premature Ovarian Failure 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Factors and pathways affecting insulin-like growth factor (IGF1)-Akt signaling and Translation Factors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and translation initiation factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF2B4.
     "
"ENTPD5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ENTPD5 (Ectonucleoside Triphosphate Diphosphohydrolase 5 (Inactive)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ENTPD5 include Coenzyme Q10 Deficiency, Primary, 6 and Scrapie.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of nucleotides and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and guanosine-diphosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENTPD6.
     "
"ERG28"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ERG28 (Ergosterol Biosynthesis 28 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ERG28 include Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscinosis and Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 8, Northern Epilepsy Variant.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FAM161B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM161B (FAM161 Centrosomal Protein B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM161B include Retinitis Pigmentosa 28 and Retinitis Pigmentosa.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM161A.
     "
"FCF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FCF1 (FCF1 RRNA-Processing Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UTP23.
     "
"FLVCR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FLVCR2 (FLVCR Heme Transporter 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FLVCR2 include Proliferative Vasculopathy And Hydranencephaly-Hydrocephaly Syndrome and Hydranencephaly.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heme binding and heme transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FLVCR1.
     "
"FOS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FOS (Fos Proto-Oncogene, AP-1 Transcription Factor Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FOS include Berardinelli-Seip Congenital Lipodystrophy and Pertussis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oxytocin signaling pathway and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FOSL2.
     "
"ISCA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ISCA2 (Iron-Sulfur Cluster Assembly 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ISCA2 include Multiple Mitochondrial Dysfunctions Syndrome 4 and Multiple Mitochondrial Dysfunctions Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and iron-sulfur cluster binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ISCA1.
     "
"JDP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            JDP2 (Jun Dimerization Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with JDP2 include Granulomatous Amebic Encephalitis and Skeletal Muscle Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are Tacrolimus/Cyclosporine Pathway, Pharmacodynamics and ATF-2 transcription factor network.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATF3.
     "
"LIN52"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LIN52 (Lin-52 DREAM MuvB Core Complex Component) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Cycle, Mitotic and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01220"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01220 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1220) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC102724153"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC102724153 (Uncharacterized LOC102724153) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC102724153 include Proliferative Vasculopathy And Hydranencephaly-Hydrocephaly Syndrome and Hydranencephaly.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LTBP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LTBP2 (Latent Transforming Growth Factor Beta Binding Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LTBP2 include Weill-Marchesani Syndrome 3 and Microspherophakia And/Or Megalocornea, With Ectopia Lentis And With Or Without Secondary Glaucoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and TGF-Beta Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and growth factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LTBP1.
     "
"MIR4709"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4709 (MicroRNA 4709) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MLH3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MLH3 (MutL Homolog 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MLH3 include Colorectal Cancer, Hereditary Nonpolyposis, Type 7 and Endometrial Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Meiosis and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and single-stranded DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PMS1.
     "
"NEK9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEK9 (NIMA Related Kinase 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEK9 include Nevus Comedonicus and Arthrogryposis, Perthes Disease, And Upward Gaze Palsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of the SLBP independent Mature mRNA and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NEK8.
     "
"NPC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPC2 (NPC Intracellular Cholesterol Transporter 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NPC2 include Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C2 and Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding and cholesterol binding.
                                            
     "
"PGF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PGF (Placental Growth Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PGF include Placental Insufficiency and Twin-To-Twin Transfusion Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Ras signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VEGFA.
     "
"PROX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PROX2 (Prospero Homeobox 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PROX2 include Atrial Septal Defect 6 and Chronic Laryngitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PROX1.
     "
"RPS6KL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS6KL1 (Ribosomal Protein S6 Kinase Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPS6KL1 include Smith-Mccort Dysplasia 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPS6KC1.
     "
"SYNDIG1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SYNDIG1L (Synapse Differentiation Inducing 1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SYNDIG1L include Anterograde Amnesia and Visual Epilepsy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SYNDIG1.
     "
"TMED10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMED10 (Transmembrane P24 Trafficking Protein 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMED10 include Alzheimer Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include syntaxin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMED4.
     "
"TTLL5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TTLL5 (Tubulin Tyrosine Ligase Like 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TTLL5 include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 19 and Cone-Rod Dystrophy 2.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity.
                                            
     "
"VRTN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VRTN (Vertebrae Development Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VRTN include Ulnar-Mammary Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding and transposase activity.
                                            
     "
"VSX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VSX2 (Visual System Homeobox 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VSX2 include Microphthalmia, Isolated 2 and Microphthalmia, Isolated, With Coloboma 3.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARX.
     "
"YLPM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YLPM1 (YLP Motif Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with YLPM1 include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 6 and Chromosome 3Pter-P25 Deletion Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase activity.
                                            
     "
"ZC2HC1C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZC2HC1C (Zinc Finger C2HC-Type Containing 1C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZC2HC1C include Histiocytoid Hemangioma and Meningothelial Meningioma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ZNF410"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF410 (Zinc Finger Protein 410) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF410 include Spermatogenic Failure 11.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRDM10.
     "
"EML5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EML5 (EMAP Like 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EML6.
     "
"GALC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GALC (Galactosylceramidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GALC include Krabbe Disease and Leukodystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include galactosylceramidase activity.
                                            
     "
"GPR65"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPR65 (G Protein-Coupled Receptor 65) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPR65 include Gastric Cancer and B-Cell Childhood Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPR4.
     "
"KCNK10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNK10 (Potassium Two Pore Domain Channel Subfamily K Member 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNK10 include Birk-Barel Syndrome and Chemical Colitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Salivary secretion and Cardiac conduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include potassium channel activity and potassium ion leak channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNK2.
     "
"LINC01146"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01146 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1146) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01147"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01147 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1147) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02330"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02330 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2330) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PTPN21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PTPN21 (Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase Non-Receptor Type 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling events mediated by focal adhesion kinase and PAK Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and protein tyrosine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PTPN14.
     "
"SPATA7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPATA7 (Spermatogenesis Associated 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPATA7 include Leber Congenital Amaurosis 3 and Leber Congenital Amaurosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TTC8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TTC8 (Tetratricopeptide Repeat Domain 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TTC8 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 51 and Bardet-Biedl Syndrome 8.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cargo trafficking to the periciliary membrane and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA polymerase II repressing transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CFAP70.
     "
"ZC3H14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZC3H14 (Zinc Finger CCCH-Type Containing 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZC3H14 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Recessive 56 and Autosomal Recessive Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include poly(A) binding.
                                            
     "
"C2CD4A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C2CD4A (C2 Calcium Dependent Domain Containing 4A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C2CD4A include Maturity-Onset Diabetes Of The Young.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and calcium-dependent phospholipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C2CD4B.
     "
"C2CD4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C2CD4B (C2 Calcium Dependent Domain Containing 4B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C2CD4B include Maturity-Onset Diabetes Of The Young.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and calcium-dependent phospholipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C2CD4A.
     "
"GOLGA2P11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GOLGA2P11 (GOLGA2 Pseudogene 11) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02349"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02349 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2349) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928907"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928907 (Uncharacterized LOC101928907) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC107984784"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC107984784 (Uncharacterized LOC107984784) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MGC15885"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MGC15885 (Uncharacterized Protein MGC15885) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6085"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6085 (MicroRNA 6085) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR8067"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR8067 (MicroRNA 8067) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RORA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RORA (RAR Related Orphan Receptor A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RORA include Intellectual Developmental Disorder With Or Without Epilepsy Or Cerebellar Ataxia and Hypoxia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Development and heterogeneity of the ILC family and Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RORB.
     "
"TLN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TLN2 (Talin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TLN2 include Aromatase Excess Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ras signaling pathway and Immune response  CCR3 signaling in eosinophils.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and actin filament binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLN1.
     "
"VPS13C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS13C (Vacuolar Protein Sorting 13 Homolog C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS13C include Parkinson Disease 23, Autosomal Recessive Early-Onset and Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VPS13A.
     "
"ABCC6P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCC6P1 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily C Member 6 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ARL6IP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL6IP1 (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 6 Interacting Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARL6IP1 include Spastic Paraplegia 61, Autosomal Recessive and Paraplegia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000260342.
     "
"CCP110"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCP110 (Centriolar Coiled-Coil Protein 110) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCP110 include Meckel Syndrome, Type 1 and Spinocerebellar Ataxia 11.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            
                                            
     "
"CLEC19A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLEC19A (C-Type Lectin Domain Containing 19A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is REG3G.
     "
"COQ7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COQ7 (Coenzyme Q7, Hydroxylase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COQ7 include Coenzyme Q10 Deficiency, Primary, 8 and Coenzyme Q10 Deficiency, Primary, 7.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Ubiquinol biosynthesis.
                                            
                                            
     "
"GDE1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GDE1 (Glycerophosphodiester Phosphodiesterase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GDE1 include Serine Deficiency and Cone-Rod Dystrophy 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are PI Metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphoric diester hydrolase activity and glycerophosphoinositol glycerophosphodiesterase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GDPD2.
     "
"GPR139"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPR139 (G Protein-Coupled Receptor 139) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPR139 include Isolated Growth Hormone Deficiency, Type Ib.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and neuropeptide receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPR142.
     "
"GPRC5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPRC5B (G Protein-Coupled Receptor Class C Group 5 Member B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are GPCRs, Class C Metabotropic glutamate, pheromone.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G protein-coupled receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPRC5C.
     "
"IQCK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IQCK (IQ Motif Containing K) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IQCK include Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Lens Subluxation.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ITPRIPL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITPRIPL2 (ITPRIP Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITPRIP.
     "
"KNOP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KNOP1 (Lysine Rich Nucleolar Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KNOP1 include Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100288162"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100288162 (Uncharacterized LOC100288162) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC102723385"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC102723385 (Uncharacterized LOC102723385) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LOC102723385 include Coenzyme Q10 Deficiency, Primary, 8.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3179-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3179-1 (MicroRNA 3179-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3179-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3179-2 (MicroRNA 3179-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3179-3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3179-3 (MicroRNA 3179-3) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3179-4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3179-4 (MicroRNA 3179-4) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3180-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3180-1 (MicroRNA 3180-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3180-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3180-2 (MicroRNA 3180-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3180-3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3180-3 (MicroRNA 3180-3) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3670-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3670-1 (MicroRNA 3670-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3670-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3670-2 (MicroRNA 3670-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3670-3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3670-3 (MicroRNA 3670-3) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3670-4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3670-4 (MicroRNA 3670-4) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6511A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6511A1 (MicroRNA 6511a-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6511A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6511A2 (MicroRNA 6511a-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6511A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6511A3 (MicroRNA 6511a-3) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6511A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6511A4 (MicroRNA 6511a-4) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6770-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6770-1 (MicroRNA 6770-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6770-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6770-2 (MicroRNA 6770-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6770-3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6770-3 (MicroRNA 6770-3) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NOMO2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOMO2 (NODAL Modulator 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOMO2 include Pseudoxanthoma Elasticum and Afferent Loop Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NOMO3.
     "
"NPIPA7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPA7 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member A7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPA8.
     "
"NPIPA8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPA8 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member A8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPA7.
     "
"PKD1P4-NPIPA8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PKD1P4-NPIPA8 (PKD1P4-NPIPA8 Readthrough) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PKD1P5-LOC105376752"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PKD1P5-LOC105376752 (PKD1P5-LOC105376752 Readthrough) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RPS15A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS15A (Ribosomal Protein S15a) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPS15A include Diamond-Blackfan Anemia 20 and Diamond-Blackfan Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"SMG1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMG1 (SMG1 Nonsense Mediated MRNA Decay Associated PI3K Related Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMG1 include Ullrich Congenital Muscular Dystrophy 1 and Seckel Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and DNA Damage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MTOR.
     "
"SYT17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SYT17 (Synaptotagmin 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and syntaxin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SYT2.
     "
"TMC5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMC5 (Transmembrane Channel Like 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMC5 include Pachyonychia Congenita 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMC6.
     "
"TMC7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMC7 (Transmembrane Channel Like 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMC4.
     "
"VPS35L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS35L (VPS35 Endosomal Protein Sorting Factor Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS35L include Ritscher-Schinzel Syndrome and Spinocerebellar Ataxia, Autosomal Recessive 12.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            
     "
"APOBR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            APOBR (Apolipoprotein B Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include very-low-density lipoprotein particle receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"ASPHD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASPHD1 (Aspartate Beta-Hydroxylase Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include dioxygenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASPHD2.
     "
"ATP2A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP2A1 (ATPase Sarcoplasmic/Endoplasmic Reticulum Ca2+ Transporting 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP2A1 include Brody Myopathy and Atrophic Muscular Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Succinylcholine Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics and Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP2A2.
     "
"ATP2A1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP2A1-AS1 (ATP2A1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP2A1-AS1 include Brody Myopathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ATXN2L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATXN2L (Ataxin 2 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATXN2L include Spinocerebellar Ataxia 2 and Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C2.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATXN2.
     "
"BOLA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BOLA2 (BolA Family Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BOLA2 include Multiple Mitochondrial Dysfunctions Syndrome 2 With Hyperglycinemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BOLA2B.
     "
"BOLA2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BOLA2B (BolA Family Member 2B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BOLA2B include Multiple Mitochondrial Dysfunctions Syndrome 2 With Hyperglycinemia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BOLA2.
     "
"BOLA2-SMG1P6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BOLA2-SMG1P6 (BOLA2-SMG1P6 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C16orf54"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C16orf54 (Chromosome 16 Open Reading Frame 54) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CD19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD19 (CD19 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD19 include Immunodeficiency, Common Variable, 3 and Common Variable Immunodeficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR) and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity, downstream of receptor.
                                            
     "
"CDIPT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDIPT (CDP-Diacylglycerol--Inositol 3-Phosphatidyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDIPT include Alpha-1-Antitrypsin Deficiency and Dentin Caries.
                                            Among its related pathways are superpathway of inositol phosphate compounds and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and manganese ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM269.
     "
"CDIPTOSP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDIPTOSP (CDIP Transferase Opposite Strand, Pseudogene) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CLN3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLN3 (CLN3 Lysosomal/Endosomal Transmembrane Protein, Battenin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLN3 include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 3 and Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscinosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lysosome.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000261832.
     "
"EIF3C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF3C (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 3 Subunit C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation initiation factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF3CL.
     "
"EIF3CL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF3CL (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 3 Subunit C Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation initiation factor activity and translation initiation factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF3C.
     "
"GSG1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GSG1L (GSG1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GSG1.
     "
"IL27"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IL27 (Interleukin 27) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IL27 include Posterior Uveitis and Visceral Leishmaniasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Interleukin-6 family signaling and PEDF Induced Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and interleukin-27 receptor binding.
                                            
     "
"KCTD13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCTD13 (Potassium Channel Tetramerization Domain Containing 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCTD13 include Osteoarthritis and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and protein domain specific binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCTD10.
     "
"KIF22"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KIF22 (Kinesin Family Member 22) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KIF22 include Spondyloepimetaphyseal Dysplasia With Joint Laxity, Type 2 and Spondyloepimetaphyseal Dysplasia With Multiple Dislocations.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oocyte meiosis and Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KIF7.
     "
"LAT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LAT (Linker For Activation Of T Cells) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LAT include Immunodeficiency 52 and Inflamed Seborrheic Keratosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Immune response Role of DAP12 receptors in NK cells.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and SH3/SH2 adaptor activity.
                                            
     "
"LOC388242"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC388242 (SAGA Complex Associated Factor 29 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC606724"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC606724 (Coronin 1A Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC613038"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC613038 (SAGA Complex Associated Factor 29 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAZ"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAZ (MYC Associated Zinc Finger Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAZ include Amyloidosis and Alzheimer Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) Susceptibility Pathways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PATZ1.
     "
"MIR3680-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3680-1 (MicroRNA 3680-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3680-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3680-2 (MicroRNA 3680-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4517"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4517 (MicroRNA 4517) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4721"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4721 (MicroRNA 4721) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4721 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 41 and Retinitis Pigmentosa 27.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial translation and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6862-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6862-1 (MicroRNA 6862-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6862-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6862-2 (MicroRNA 6862-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MVP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MVP (Major Vault Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MVP include Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy With Hippocampal Sclerosis and Lung Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and protein phosphatase binding.
                                            
     "
"NFATC2IP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NFATC2IP (Nuclear Factor Of Activated T Cells 2 Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NFATC2IP include Tuberculous Empyema and Tracheitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SUMO3.
     "
"NPIPB11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPB11 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member B11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPB5.
     "
"NPIPB12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPB12 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member B12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPB13.
     "
"NPIPB6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPB6 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member B6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPB8.
     "
"NPIPB8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPB8 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member B8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPB6.
     "
"NPIPB9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPB9 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family Member B9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPB7.
     "
"NUPR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NUPR1 (Nuclear Protein 1, Transcriptional Regulator) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NUPR1 include Pancreatic Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transcriptional misregulation in cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NUPR2.
     "
"PAGR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PAGR1 (PAXIP1 Associated Glutamate Rich Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PAGR1 include Microcephaly 11, Primary, Autosomal Recessive and Muscular Dystrophy, Congenital Merosin-Deficient, 1A.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Developmental Biology.
                                            
                                            
     "
"PRRT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRRT2 (Proline Rich Transmembrane Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRRT2 include Episodic Kinesigenic Dyskinesia 1 and Convulsions, Familial Infantile, With Paroxysmal Choreoathetosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000280893.
     "
"QPRT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            QPRT (Quinolinate Phosphoribosyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with QPRT include Pellagra and Seizure Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are NAD metabolism and Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and transferase activity, transferring pentosyl groups.
                                            
     "
"RABEP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RABEP2 (Rabaptin, RAB GTPase Binding Effector Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RABEP2 include Brody Myopathy and Senior-Loken Syndrome 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RABEP1.
     "
"RRN3P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RRN3P2 (RRN3 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SBK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SBK1 (SH3 Domain Binding Kinase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SBK1 include Punctate Epithelial Keratoconjunctivitis and Corneal Ectasia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SBK3.
     "
"SEZ6L2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEZ6L2 (Seizure Related 6 Homolog Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEZ6L2 include Autism and Axillary Adenitis.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEZ6.
     "
"SGF29"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SGF29 (SAGA Complex Associated Factor 29) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SGF29 include Angular Blepharoconjunctivitis and Osteogenesis Imperfecta, Type X.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            
     "
"SH2B1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SH2B1 (SH2B Adaptor Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SH2B1 include Severe Early-Onset Obesity-Insulin Resistance Syndrome Due To Sh2b1 Deficiency and Chromosome 16P11.2 Deletion Syndrome, 220-Kb.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and signaling adaptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SH2B2.
     "
"SLX1A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLX1A (SLX1 Homolog A, Structure-Specific Endonuclease Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLX1A include Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group P and Interstitial Nephritis, Karyomegalic.
                                            Among its related pathways are Homologous DNA Pairing and Strand Exchange and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include crossover junction endodeoxyribonuclease activity and 5'-flap endonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLX1B.
     "
"SLX1A-SULT1A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLX1A-SULT1A3 (SLX1A-SULT1A3 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Sulfation Biotransformation Reaction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and aryl sulfotransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"SLX1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLX1B (SLX1 Homolog B, Structure-Specific Endonuclease Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLX1B include Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group P and Interstitial Nephritis, Karyomegalic.
                                            Among its related pathways are Homologous DNA Pairing and Strand Exchange and DNA Double-Strand Break Repair.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include crossover junction endodeoxyribonuclease activity and 5'-flap endonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLX1A.
     "
"SLX1B-SULT1A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLX1B-SULT1A4 (SLX1B-SULT1A4 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and Sulfation Biotransformation Reaction.
                                            
                                            
     "
"SMG1P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMG1P2 (SMG1 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SMG1P6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMG1P6 (SMG1 Pseudogene 6) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNX29P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNX29P2 (Sorting Nexin 29 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPN (Sialophorin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPN include Adenoid Basal Cell Carcinoma and Wiskott-Aldrich Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and Basigin interactions.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transmembrane signaling receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"SPNS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPNS1 (Sphingolipid Transporter 1 (Putative)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPNS1 include Amelogenesis Imperfecta, Type Ig and Glycogen Storage Disease Ia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and sphingolipid transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SPNS3.
     "
"SULT1A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SULT1A1 (Sulfotransferase Family 1A Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SULT1A1 include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 3 and Mandibulofacial Dysostosis With Alopecia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450 and Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and flavonol 3-sulfotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SULT1A2.
     "
"SULT1A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SULT1A2 (Sulfotransferase Family 1A Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SULT1A2 include Pneumonic Plague and Bubonic Plague.
                                            Among its related pathways are Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450 and Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and flavonol 3-sulfotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SULT1A1.
     "
"SULT1A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SULT1A3 (Sulfotransferase Family 1A Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SULT1A3 include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 3 and Dengue Shock Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450 and Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and aryl sulfotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SULT1A4.
     "
"SULT1A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SULT1A4 (Sulfotransferase Family 1A Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Drug metabolism - cytochrome P450 and Acetaminophen Pathway (therapeutic doses), Pharmacokinetics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sulfotransferase activity and aryl sulfotransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SULT1A3.
     "
"TUFM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TUFM (Tu Translation Elongation Factor, Mitochondrial) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TUFM include Combined Oxidative Phosphorylation Deficiency 4 and Combined Oxidative Phosphorylation Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial translation and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EEF1A2.
     "
"XPO6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            XPO6 (Exportin 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with XPO6 include Arts Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and Ran GTPase binding.
                                            
     "
"ZG16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZG16 (Zymogen Granule Protein 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZG16 include Ectrodactyly, Ectodermal Dysplasia, And Cleft Lip/Palate Syndrome 1 and Atypical Polypoid Adenomyoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            
     "
"AHSP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AHSP (Alpha Hemoglobin Stabilizing Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AHSP include Beta-Thalassemia and Thalassemia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include unfolded protein binding and hemoglobin binding.
                                            
     "
"ALDOA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALDOA (Aldolase, Fructose-Bisphosphate A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ALDOA include Glycogen Storage Disease Xii and Hemolytic Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Glucose metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LOC112694756.
     "
"ARMC5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARMC5 (Armadillo Repeat Containing 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARMC5 include Acth-Independent Macronodular Adrenal Hyperplasia 2 and Cushing Syndrome Due To Macronodular Adrenal Hyperplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aldosterone synthesis and secretion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            
     "
"BCKDK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BCKDK (Branched Chain Keto Acid Dehydrogenase Kinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BCKDK include Branched-Chain Keto Acid Dehydrogenase Kinase Deficiency and Maple Syrup Urine Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase activity and kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PDK1.
     "
"BCL7C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BCL7C (BAF Chromatin Remodeling Complex Subunit BCL7C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BCL7C include Lymphoma and Burkitt Lymphoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BCL7B.
     "
"C16orf58"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C16orf58 (Chromosome 16 Open Reading Frame 58) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C16orf58 include Plantar Fascial Fibromatosis and Renal Glucosuria.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C16orf92"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C16orf92 (Chromosome 16 Open Reading Frame 92) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CCDC189"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC189 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 189) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC189 include Phosphorylase Kinase Deficiency.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C8orf74.
     "
"CD2BP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD2BP2 (CD2 Cytoplasmic Tail Binding Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD2BP2 include Hyperlucent Lung and Lobular Neoplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ribonucleoprotein complex binding.
                                            
     "
"CLUHP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLUHP3 (Clustered Mitochondria Homolog Pseudogene 3) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CORO1A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CORO1A (Coronin 1A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CORO1A include Immunodeficiency 8 and Coronin-1A Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Phagosome and Tuberculosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CORO1B.
     "
"COX6A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COX6A2 (Cytochrome C Oxidase Subunit 6A2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COX6A2 include Mitochondrial Complex Iv Deficiency and Fatal Infantile Cardioencephalomyopathy Due To Cytochrome C Oxidase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytochrome-c oxidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COX6A1.
     "
"CTF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTF1 (Cardiotrophin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTF1 include Dilated Cardiomyopathy and Leukemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and Interleukin-6 family signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity and leukemia inhibitory factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLCF1.
     "
"DCTPP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCTPP1 (DCTP Pyrophosphatase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DCTPP1 include Aspartylglucosaminuria and Otosclerosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of nucleotides.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and pyrophosphatase activity.
                                            
     "
"DOC2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DOC2A (Double C2 Domain Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DOC2A include Autism.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and syntaxin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DOC2B.
     "
"FBRS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBRS (Fibrosin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBRS include Neuroschistosomiasis and Intestinal Schistosomiasis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AUTS2.
     "
"FBXL19"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXL19 (F-Box And Leucine Rich Repeat Protein 19) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXL19 include Psoriasis 2 and Psoriasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXL17.
     "
"FBXL19-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXL19-AS1 (FBXL19 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXL19-AS1 include Rheumatoid Arthritis and Colorectal Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FRG2KP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FRG2KP (FSHD Region Gene 2 Family Member K, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FUS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FUS (FUS RNA Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FUS include Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 6 With Or Without Frontotemporal Dementia and Tremor, Hereditary Essential, 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EWSR1.
     "
"GDPD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GDPD3 (Glycerophosphodiester Phosphodiesterase Domain Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are PI Metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphoric diester hydrolase activity and glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GDPD1.
     "
"HIRIP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HIRIP3 (HIRA Interacting Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HIRIP3 include Endocardial Fibroelastosis and Autism.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HSD3B7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSD3B7 (Hydroxy-Delta-5-Steroid Dehydrogenase, 3 Beta- And Steroid Delta-Isomerase 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSD3B7 include Bile Acid Synthesis Defect, Congenital, 1 and Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect.
                                            Among its related pathways are Synthesis of bile acids and bile salts and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and coenzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HSD3B2.
     "
"INO80E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            INO80E (INO80 Complex Subunit E) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Deubiquitination.
                                            
                                            
     "
"ITGAD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGAD (Integrin Subunit Alpha D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGAD include Chronic Monocytic Leukemia and Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency, Type I.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITGAX.
     "
"ITGAL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGAL (Integrin Subunit Alpha L) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGAL include Immune-Complex Glomerulonephritis and Chronic Venous Insufficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and cell adhesion molecule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITGAX.
     "
"ITGAM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGAM (Integrin Subunit Alpha M) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGAM include Systemic Lupus Erythematosus 6 and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITGAX.
     "
"ITGAX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGAX (Integrin Subunit Alpha X) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGAX include Hairy Cell Leukemia and Benign Cephalic Histiocytosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and ERK Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITGAD.
     "
"KAT8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KAT8 (Lysine Acetyltransferase 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KAT8 include Acute Salpingo-Oophoritis and Optic Nerve Astrocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization and p53 pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding and histone acetyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KAT5.
     "
"LINC02190"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02190 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2190) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928595"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928595 (Uncharacterized LOC101928595) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC112694756"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC112694756 (Uncharaterized LOC112694756) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALDOA.
     "
"LOC730183"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC730183 (Uncharacterized LOC730183) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAPK3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPK3 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAPK3 include Neutrophil Migration and Pertussis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oocyte meiosis and Oxytocin signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAPK1.
     "
"MIR4518"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4518 (MicroRNA 4518) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4519"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4519 (MicroRNA 4519) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR762"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR762 (MicroRNA 762) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR762HG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR762HG (MIR762 Host Gene) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MYLPF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYLPF (Myosin Light Chain, Phosphorylatable, Fast Skeletal Muscle) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MYLPF include Primary Cutaneous Amyloidosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics and Immune response  CCR3 signaling in eosinophils.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and structural constituent of muscle.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MYL10.
     "
"NPIPB13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPIPB13 (Nuclear Pore Complex Interacting Protein Family, Member B13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPIPB4.
     "
"ORAI3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ORAI3 (ORAI Calcium Release-Activated Calcium Modulator 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ORAI3 include Estrogen-Receptor Negative Breast Cancer and Myopathy, Tubular Aggregate, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Calcium signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include store-operated calcium channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ORAI1.
     "
"PHKG2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PHKG2 (Phosphorylase Kinase Catalytic Subunit Gamma 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PHKG2 include Glycogen Storage Disease Ixc and Glycogen Storage Disease Due To Liver Phosphorylase Kinase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycogen Metabolism and Glucose metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PHKG1.
     "
"PPP4C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPP4C (Protein Phosphatase 4 Catalytic Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPP4C include Contagious Pustular Dermatitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Double-Strand Break Repair and Glucagon signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PPP2CA.
     "
"PRR14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRR14 (Proline Rich 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRR14L.
     "
"PRSS36"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRSS36 (Serine Protease 36) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRSS36 include Episodic Kinesigenic Dyskinesia 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRSS53.
     "
"PRSS53"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRSS53 (Serine Protease 53) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRSS53 include Episodic Kinesigenic Dyskinesia 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PRSS36.
     "
"PRSS8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PRSS8 (Serine Protease 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PRSS8 include Pseudohypoaldosteronism and Ichthyosis, Follicular.
                                            Among its related pathways are CFTR-dependent regulation of ion channels in Airway Epithelium (norm and CF) and Keratinization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity and serine-type peptidase activity.
                                            
     "
"PYCARD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PYCARD (PYD And CARD Domain Containing) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PYCARD include Chronic Recurrent Multifocal Osteomyelitis and Cinca Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ion channel binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PYDC1.
     "
"PYCARD-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PYCARD-AS1 (PYCARD Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PYDC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PYDC1 (Pyrin Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PYDC1 include Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability 8 and Listeriosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are NOD-like receptor signaling pathway.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PYCARD.
     "
"RNF40"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF40 (Ring Finger Protein 40) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Protein ubiquitination.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF20.
     "
"SEPHS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEPHS2 (Selenophosphate Synthetase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEPHS2 include Keshan Disease and Noonan Syndrome 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Selenocompound metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include selenide, water dikinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEPHS1.
     "
"SEPTIN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEPTIN1 (Septin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEPTIN1 include Amyotrophic Neuralgia and Brachial Plexus Neuropathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aurora B signaling and Bacterial invasion of epithelial cells.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEPTIN5.
     "
"SETD1A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SETD1A (SET Domain Containing 1A, Histone Lysine Methyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SETD1A include Schizophrenia and Central Nervous System Mature Teratoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are PKMTs methylate histone lysines and Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SETD1B.
     "
"SLC5A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC5A2 (Solute Carrier Family 5 Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC5A2 include Renal Glucosuria and Aminoaciduria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hexose transport and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and low-affinity glucose:sodium symporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC5A1.
     "
"SMG1P5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMG1P5 (SMG1 Pseudogene 5) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA30"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA30 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 30) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORA30 include Diarrhea 2, With Microvillus Atrophy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA80C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA80C (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 80C) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SRCAP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SRCAP (Snf2 Related CREBBP Activator Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SRCAP include Floating-Harbor Syndrome and Chromosome 16P13.3 Deletion Syndrome, Proximal.
                                            Among its related pathways are Pathways Affected in Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and histone acetyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000282034.
     "
"STX1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STX1B (Syntaxin 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STX1B include Generalized Epilepsy With Febrile Seizures Plus, Type 9 and Generalized Epilepsy With Febrile Seizures Plus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics and Synaptic vesicle cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and SNARE binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STX1A.
     "
"STX4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STX4 (Syntaxin 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STX4 include Leukodystrophy, Hypomyelinating, 6 and Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis, Familial, 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Clathrin derived vesicle budding and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SNARE binding and sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STX1B.
     "
"TAOK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAOK2 (TAO Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAOK2 include Wilson-Turner X-Linked Mental Retardation Syndrome and Autism Spectrum Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are MAPK signaling pathway and p38 MAPK signaling pathway (Pathway Interaction Database).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAOK1.
     "
"TBC1D10B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBC1D10B (TBC1 Domain Family Member 10B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Vesicle-mediated transport and TBC/RABGAPs.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBC1D10A.
     "
"TBX6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBX6 (T-Box Transcription Factor 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TBX6 include Spondylocostal Dysostosis 5 and Scoliosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway and Neural Crest Differentiation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II activating transcription factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MGA.
     "
"TGFB1I1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TGFB1I1 (Transforming Growth Factor Beta 1 Induced Transcript 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TGFB1I1 include Mesangial Proliferative Glomerulonephritis and Proliferative Glomerulonephritis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Adhesion and Coregulation of Androgen receptor activity.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and I-SMAD binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PXN.
     "
"TLCD3B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TLCD3B (TLC Domain Containing 3B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLCD3A.
     "
"TMEM219"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM219 (Transmembrane Protein 219) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM219 include Hermansky-Pudlak Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are TP53 Regulates Transcription of Cell Death Genes and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM248.
     "
"TMEM265"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM265 (Transmembrane Protein 265) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and histone acetyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"TRIM72"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRIM72 (Tripartite Motif Containing 72) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRIM72 include Miyoshi Muscular Dystrophy and Autosomal Recessive Limb-Girdle Muscular Dystrophy Type 2B.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and Smooth Muscle Contraction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatidylserine binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRIM39.
     "
"VKORC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VKORC1 (Vitamin K Epoxide Reductase Complex Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VKORC1 include Coumarin Resistance and Vitamin K-Dependent Clotting Factors, Combined Deficiency Of, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Metabolism of fat-soluble vitamins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include quinone binding and vitamin-K-epoxide reductase (warfarin-sensitive) activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000255439.
     "
"VN1R3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VN1R3 (Vomeronasal 1 Receptor 3 (Gene/Pseudogene)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include pheromone receptor activity.
                                            
     "
"YBX3P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YBX3P1 (Y-Box Binding Protein 3 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"YPEL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YPEL3 (Yippee Like 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is YPEL2.
     "
"ZNF267"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF267 (Zinc Finger Protein 267) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF254.
     "
"ZNF48"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF48 (Zinc Finger Protein 48) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF91.
     "
"ZNF629"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF629 (Zinc Finger Protein 629) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF23.
     "
"ZNF646"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF646 (Zinc Finger Protein 646) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF407.
     "
"ZNF668"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF668 (Zinc Finger Protein 668) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF668 include Nodular Malignant Melanoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF850.
     "
"ZNF688"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF688 (Zinc Finger Protein 688) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF689.
     "
"ZNF689"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF689 (Zinc Finger Protein 689) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF160.
     "
"ZNF720"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF720 (Zinc Finger Protein 720) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF670-ZNF695.
     "
"ZNF747"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF747 (Zinc Finger Protein 747) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000261459.
     "
"ZNF764"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF764 (Zinc Finger Protein 764) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF764 include Thyroid Hormone Resistance, Generalized, Autosomal Dominant.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF747.
     "
"ZNF768"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF768 (Zinc Finger Protein 768) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF287.
     "
"ZNF771"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF771 (Zinc Finger Protein 771) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF771 include Wolf-Hirschhorn Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF160.
     "
"ZNF785"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF785 (Zinc Finger Protein 785) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF764.
     "
"ZNF843"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF843 (Zinc Finger Protein 843) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            
     "
"ADCY7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADCY7 (Adenylate Cyclase 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADCY7 include Inhalation Anthrax.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Oocyte meiosis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphorus-oxygen lyase activity and adenylate cyclase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADCY2.
     "
"BRD7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BRD7 (Bromodomain Containing 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BRD7 include Short-Rib Thoracic Dysplasia 2 With Or Without Polydactyly and Rhabdoid Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Regulation of TP53 Activity through Acetylation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and transcription regulatory region DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BRD9.
     "
"CNEP1R1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNEP1R1 (CTD Nuclear Envelope Phosphatase 1 Regulatory Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNEP1R1 include Nemaline Myopathy 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Cycle, Mitotic and Transport of the SLBP independent Mature mRNA.
                                            
                                            
     "
"CYLD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYLD (CYLD Lysine 63 Deubiquitinase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYLD include Cylindromatosis, Familial and Brooke-Spiegler Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Toll-like Receptor Signaling Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and thiol-dependent ubiquitin-specific protease activity.
                                            
     "
"HEATR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HEATR3 (HEAT Repeat Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HEATR3 include Synovium Cancer and Biphasic Synovial Sarcoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            
     "
"LINC02127"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02127 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2127) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02168"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02168 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2168) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02178"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02178 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2178) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101927272"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101927272 (Uncharacterized LOC101927272) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3181"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3181 (MicroRNA 3181) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6771"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6771 (MicroRNA 6771) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NKD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKD1 (NKD Inhibitor Of WNT Signaling Pathway 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Hippo signaling pathway and Wnt Signaling Pathway and Pluripotency.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and PDZ domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NKD2.
     "
"NOD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOD2 (Nucleotide Binding Oligomerization Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NOD2 include Blau Syndrome and Inflammatory Bowel Disease   1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Activated TLR4 signalling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and peptidoglycan binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NOD1.
     "
"SALL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SALL1 (Spalt Like Transcription Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SALL1 include Townes-Brocks Syndrome 1 and Townes-Brocks Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transcriptional regulation of pluripotent stem cells and Transcriptional Regulatory Network in Embryonic Stem Cell.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and beta-catenin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SALL3.
     "
"SNX20"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNX20 (Sorting Nexin 20) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatidylinositol binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SNX21.
     "
"TENT4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TENT4B (Terminal Nucleotidyltransferase 4B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TENT4B include Dyskeratosis Congenita.
                                            Among its related pathways are Deadenylation-dependent mRNA decay.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TENT4A.
     "
"ZNF423"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF423 (Zinc Finger Protein 423) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF423 include Nephronophthisis 14 and Arima Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are TGF-beta Receptor Signaling (WikiPathways) and Differentiation of white and brown adipocyte.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF521.
     "
"AKTIP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AKTIP (AKT Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AKTIP include Plantar Fascial Fibromatosis and Nodular Tenosynovitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are B Cell Receptor Signaling Pathway (sino) and AKT Signaling Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin protein ligase binding and acid-amino acid ligase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBE2O.
     "
"C16orf97"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C16orf97 (Chromosome 16 Open Reading Frame 97) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with C16orf97 include Townes-Brocks Syndrome and Anus, Imperforate.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CASC16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CASC16 (Cancer Susceptibility 16) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CASC16 include Restless Legs Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CASC22"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CASC22 (Cancer Susceptibility 22) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CASC22 include Breast Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CHD9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHD9 (Chromodomain Helicase DNA Binding Protein 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHD9 include Charge Syndrome and Brain Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHD7.
     "
"LINC00919"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00919 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 919) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01571"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01571 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1571) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02180"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02180 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2180) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC102723373"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC102723373 (Uncharacterized LOC102723373) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105371267"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105371267 (P53-Regulated LncRNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC643802"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC643802 (U3 Small Nucleolar Ribonucleoprotein Protein MPP10-Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ribosome biogenesis in eukaryotes.
                                            
                                            
     "
"RBL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RBL2 (RB Transcriptional Corepressor Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RBL2 include Retinoblastoma and Unilateral Retinoblastoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are FoxO family signaling and Cell cycle.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RBL1.
     "
"RPGRIP1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPGRIP1L (RPGRIP1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPGRIP1L include Meckel Syndrome, Type 5 and Joubert Syndrome 7.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Hedgehog.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include thromboxane A2 receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPGRIP1.
     "
"TOX3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TOX3 (TOX High Mobility Group Box Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TOX3 include Restless Legs Syndrome and Female Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ectoderm Differentiation and Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and phosphoprotein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TOX.
     "
"FTO"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FTO (FTO Alpha-Ketoglutarate Dependent Dioxygenase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FTO include Growth Retardation, Developmental Delay, And Facial Dysmorphism and Body Mass Index Quantitative Trait Locus 14.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage Reversal and Glucose / Energy Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ferrous iron binding and oxidative RNA demethylase activity.
                                            
     "
"ACADVL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACADVL (Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Very Long Chain) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACADVL include Acyl-Coa Dehydrogenase, Very Long-Chain, Deficiency Of and Encephalopathy, Progressive, Early-Onset, With Episodic Rhabdomyolysis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial LC-Fatty Acid Beta-Oxidation and Mitochondrial Fatty Acid Beta-Oxidation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include flavin adenine dinucleotide binding and acyl-CoA dehydrogenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ACAD9.
     "
"ACAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACAP1 (ArfGAP With Coiled-Coil, Ankyrin Repeat And PH Domains 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACAP1 include Ileum Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Arf6 trafficking events and Nucleotide-binding Oligomerization Domain (NOD) pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ACAP2.
     "
"ALOX12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOX12 (Arachidonate 12-Lipoxygenase, 12S Type) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ALOX12 include Toxoplasmosis and Acute Pericementitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are HETE and HPETE biosynthesis and metabolism and Eicosanoid Synthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion binding and arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALOX15.
     "
"ALOX12-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOX12-AS1 (ALOX12 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ALOX12B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOX12B (Arachidonate 12-Lipoxygenase, 12R Type) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ALOX12B include Ichthyosis, Congenital, Autosomal Recessive 2 and Autosomal Recessive Congenital Ichthyosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Arachidonic acid metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion binding and arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALOXE3.
     "
"ALOX12P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOX12P2 (Arachidonate 12-Lipoxygenase Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ALOX15B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOX15B (Arachidonate 15-Lipoxygenase Type B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ALOX15B include Autosomal Recessive Congenital Ichthyosis and Embryoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Eicosanoid Synthesis and Arachidonic acid metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and lipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALOXE3.
     "
"ALOX15P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOX15P1 (Arachidonate 15-Lipoxygenase Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ALOXE3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ALOXE3 (Arachidonate Lipoxygenase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ALOXE3 include Ichthyosis, Congenital, Autosomal Recessive 3 and Autosomal Recessive Congenital Ichthyosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Prostaglandin 2 biosynthesis and metabolism FM.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include iron ion binding and oxidoreductase activity, acting on single donors with incorporation of molecular oxygen, incorporation of two atoms of oxygen.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ALOX15B.
     "
"ARHGEF15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARHGEF15 (Rho Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARHGEF15 include Spastic Ataxia, Charlevoix-Saguenay Type and Early Infantile Epileptic Encephalopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Slit.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and Rho guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARHGEF5.
     "
"ASGR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASGR1 (Asialoglycoprotein Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASGR1 include Hepatitis and Hepatitis B.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and asialoglycoprotein receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASGR2.
     "
"ASGR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASGR2 (Asialoglycoprotein Receptor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASGR2 include Hepatitis and Autoimmune Hepatitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and asialoglycoprotein receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASGR1.
     "
"ATP1B2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP1B2 (ATPase Na+/K+ Transporting Subunit Beta 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP1B2 include Familial Hemiplegic Migraine and Retinoschisis 1, X-Linked, Juvenile.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell surface interactions at the vascular wall and Salivary secretion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase binding and sodium:potassium-exchanging ATPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP1B3.
     "
"AURKB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AURKB (Aurora Kinase B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AURKB include Polyploidy and Tetraploidy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AURKC.
     "
"BCL6B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BCL6B (BCL6B Transcription Repressor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BCL6B include Lymphoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BCL6.
     "
"BORCS6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BORCS6 (BLOC-1 Related Complex Subunit 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are PI3K / Akt Signaling.
                                            
                                            
     "
"C17orf100"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C17orf100 (Chromosome 17 Open Reading Frame 100) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C17orf49"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C17orf49 (Chromosome 17 Open Reading Frame 49) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNASEK-C17orf49.
     "
"CD68"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD68 (CD68 Molecule) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CD68 include Granular Cell Tumor and Follicular Dendritic Cell Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Hematopoietic Stem Cell Differentiation Pathways and Lineage-specific Markers.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LAMP1.
     "
"CHD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHD3 (Chromodomain Helicase DNA Binding Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHD3 include Snijders Blok-Campeau Syndrome and Alacrima, Achalasia, And Mental Retardation Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHD5.
     "
"CHRNB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHRNB1 (Cholinergic Receptor Nicotinic Beta 1 Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHRNB1 include Myasthenic Syndrome, Congenital, 2A, Slow-Channel and Myasthenic Syndrome, Congenital, 2C, Associated With Acetylcholine Receptor Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Succinylcholine Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include extracellular ligand-gated ion channel activity and channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHRNG.
     "
"CLDN7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLDN7 (Claudin 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLDN7 include Ductal Carcinoma In Situ and Oncocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics and Blood-Brain Barrier and Immune Cell Transmigration: Pathways Overview.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLDN1.
     "
"CLEC10A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLEC10A (C-Type Lectin Domain Containing 10A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are CLEC7A (Dectin-1) signaling and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASGR1.
     "
"CNTROB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTROB (Centrobin, Centriole Duplication And Spindle Assembly Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTROB include Squamous Cell Papilloma and Orofaciodigital Syndrome I.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein domain specific binding.
                                            
     "
"CTC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTC1 (CST Telomere Replication Complex Component 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTC1 include Cerebroretinal Microangiopathy With Calcifications And Cysts 1 and Dyskeratosis Congenita.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include single-stranded DNA binding.
                                            
     "
"CTDNEP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CTDNEP1 (CTD Nuclear Envelope Phosphatase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CTDNEP1 include Nemaline Myopathy 1 and Congenital Structural Myopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell Cycle, Mitotic and Transport of the SLBP independent Mature mRNA.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CTDSP1.
     "
"CYB5D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYB5D1 (Cytochrome B5 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYB5D1 include Juxtacortical Osteosarcoma and Peripheral Osteosarcoma.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heme binding.
                                            
     "
"DLG4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DLG4 (Discs Large MAGUK Scaffold Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DLG4 include Cerebral Degeneration and Acyl-Coa Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Circadian entrainment.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and protein C-terminus binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DLG1.
     "
"DNAH2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAH2 (Dynein Axonemal Heavy Chain 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DNAH2 include Papillary Craniopharyngioma and Adamantinous Craniopharyngioma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNAH17.
     "
"DVL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DVL2 (Dishevelled Segment Polarity Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DVL2 include Neural Tube Defects and Periosteal Osteogenic Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and protein self-association.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DVL3.
     "
"EFNB3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFNB3 (Ephrin B3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EFNB3 include Abnormal Retinal Correspondence and Binocular Vision Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are EPH-Ephrin signaling and EphB-EphrinB Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ephrin receptor binding and transmembrane-ephrin receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EFNB1.
     "
"EIF4A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF4A1 (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 4A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF4A1 include Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF4A2.
     "
"EIF5A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF5A (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 5A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF5A include Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 and Nephronophthisis 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Gamma carboxylation, hypusine formation and arylsulfatase activation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein N-terminus binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF5AL1.
     "
"ELP5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ELP5 (Elongator Acetyltransferase Complex Subunit 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ELP5 include Hypotropia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization.
                                            
                                            
     "
"FBXO39"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FBXO39 (F-Box Protein 39) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FBXO39 include Lymphogranuloma Venereum and Granuloma Inguinale.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBXO31.
     "
"FGF11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FGF11 (Fibroblast Growth Factor 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FGF11 include Spinocerebellar Ataxia 27.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and TGF-Beta Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FGF12.
     "
"FXR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FXR2 (FMR1 Autosomal Homolog 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FXR2 include Fragile X Syndrome and X-Linked Monogenic Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neuroscience and Translational Control.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FXR1.
     "
"GABARAP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GABARAP (GABA Type A Receptor-Associated Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GABARAP include Stiff-Person Syndrome and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Autophagy - animal and Human cytomegalovirus infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include microtubule binding and GABA receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GABARAPL1.
     "
"GPS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPS2 (G Protein Pathway Suppressor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPS2 include Liposarcoma and Hepatitis C Virus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Human T-cell leukemia virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription corepressor activity and GTPase inhibitor activity.
                                            
     "
"GUCY2D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GUCY2D (Guanylate Cyclase 2D, Retinal) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GUCY2D include Choroidal Dystrophy, Central Areolar, 1 and Cone-Rod Dystrophy 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GUCY2F.
     "
"HES7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HES7 (Hes Family BHLH Transcription Factor 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HES7 include Spondylocostal Dysostosis 4, Autosomal Recessive and Spondylocostal Dysostosis 5.
                                            Among its related pathways are PI3K-Akt signaling pathway and Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HES1.
     "
"KCNAB3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNAB3 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Subfamily A Regulatory Beta Subunit 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNAB3 include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 6.
                                            Among its related pathways are Dopamine-DARPP32 Feedback onto cAMP Pathway and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include voltage-gated potassium channel activity and potassium channel regulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNAB1.
     "
"KCTD11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCTD11 (Potassium Channel Tetramerization Domain Containing 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCTD11 include Medulloblastoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sweet Taste Signaling and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCTD21.
     "
"KDM6B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KDM6B (Lysine Demethylase 6B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KDM6B include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Coarse Facies And Mild Distal Skeletal Abnormalities and Brain Stem Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization and Pathways Affected in Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding and dioxygenase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KDM6A.
     "
"KIAA0753"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KIAA0753 (KIAA0753) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KIAA0753 include Orofaciodigital Syndrome Xv and Orofaciodigital Syndrome Vi.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"KRBA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KRBA2 (KRAB-A Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            
     "
"LINC00324"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00324 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 324) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100128288"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100128288 (Uncharacterized LOC100128288) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100996842"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100996842 (Uncharacterized LOC100996842) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MED31"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MED31 (Mediator Complex Subunit 31) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MED31 include Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 3 and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Type 5.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR195"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR195 (MicroRNA 195) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR195 include Adrenocortical Carcinoma, Hereditary and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Parkinsons Disease Pathway and MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR324"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR324 (MicroRNA 324) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR324 include Medulloblastoma and Primary Biliary Cirrhosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cancer.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4314"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4314 (MicroRNA 4314) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4520-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4520-1 (MicroRNA 4520-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4520-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4520-2 (MicroRNA 4520-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4521"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4521 (MicroRNA 4521) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR497"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR497 (MicroRNA 497) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR497 include Pancreatitis, Hereditary and Lung Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Parkinsons Disease Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR497HG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR497HG (Mir-497-195 Cluster Host Gene) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Parkinsons Disease Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6883"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6883 (MicroRNA 6883) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and BMAL1-CLOCK,NPAS2 activates circadian gene expression.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MPDU1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MPDU1 (Mannose-P-Dolichol Utilization Defect 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MPDU1 include Congenital Disorder Of Glycosylation, Type If and Immature Cataract.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transport to the Golgi and subsequent modification.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC66A3.
     "
"NAA38"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NAA38 (N-Alpha-Acetyltransferase 38, NatC Auxiliary Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Vesicle-mediated transport and Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport.
                                            
                                            
     "
"NDEL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NDEL1 (NudE Neurodevelopment Protein 1 Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NDEL1 include Lissencephaly and Schizophrenia 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase and Beta-Adrenergic Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include beta-tubulin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NDE1.
     "
"NEURL4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NEURL4 (Neuralized E3 Ubiquitin Protein Ligase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NEURL4 include Angelman Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000261915.
     "
"NLGN2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NLGN2 (Neuroligin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NLGN2 include Macrocephaly/Autism Syndrome and Childhood Disintegrative Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) and Protein-protein interactions at synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and cell adhesion molecule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NLGN3.
     "
"ODF4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ODF4 (Outer Dense Fiber Of Sperm Tails 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ODF4 include Suppression Of Tumorigenicity 12.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PER1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PER1 (Period Circadian Regulator 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PER1 include Advanced Sleep Phase Syndrome and Rem Sleep Behavior Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and BMAL1-CLOCK,NPAS2 activates circadian gene expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PER2.
     "
"PFAS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PFAS (Phosphoribosylformylglycinamidine Synthase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PFAS include Alcohol-Related Neurodevelopmental Disorder and Alcohol-Related Birth Defect.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of nucleotides and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphoribosylformylglycinamidine synthase activity.
                                            
     "
"PHF23"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PHF23 (PHD Finger Protein 23) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PHF23 include Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Axonal, Type 2P and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Axonal, Type 2E.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PHF13.
     "
"PITPNM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PITPNM3 (PITPNM Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PITPNM3 include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 5 and Arteriovenous Malformations Of The Brain.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and receptor tyrosine kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PITPNM2.
     "
"PLSCR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLSCR3 (Phospholipid Scramblase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PLSCR3 include Barth Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and calcium-dependent protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLSCR1.
     "
"POLR2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POLR2A (RNA Polymerase II Subunit A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with POLR2A include Neurodevelopmental Disorder With Hypotonia And Variable Intellectual And Behavioral Abnormalities and Uv-Sensitive Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat and RNA Polymerase II Transcription Initiation And Promoter Clearance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-directed 5'-3' RNA polymerase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is POLR3A.
     "
"RANGRF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RANGRF (RAN Guanine Nucleotide Release Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RANGRF include Brugada Syndrome and Sick Sinus Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and Phase 0 - rapid depolarisation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity and protein transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"RNASEK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNASEK (Ribonuclease K) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RNASEK include Rift Valley Fever.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include endoribonuclease activity.
                                            
     "
"RNASEK-C17orf49"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNASEK-C17orf49 (RNASEK-C17orf49 Readthrough) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C17orf49.
     "
"RNF222"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF222 (Ring Finger Protein 222) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RNF227"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RNF227 (Ring Finger Protein 227) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RNF224.
     "
"RPL26"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL26 (Ribosomal Protein L26) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPL26 include Diamond-Blackfan Anemia 11 and Diamond-Blackfan Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Influenza Viral RNA Transcription and Replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPL26L1.
     "
"RPL29P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL29P2 (Ribosomal Protein L29 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SAT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SAT2 (Spermidine/Spermine N1-Acetyltransferase Family Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Arginine and proline metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring acyl groups other than amino-acyl groups and diamine N-acetyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SAT1.
     "
"SCARNA21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCARNA21 (Small Cajal Body-Specific RNA 21) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SENP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SENP3 (SUMO Specific Peptidase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are rRNA processing in the nucleus and cytosol and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cysteine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SENP3-EIF4A1.
     "
"SENP3-EIF4A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SENP3-EIF4A1 (SENP3-EIF4A1 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cysteine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SENP3.
     "
"SHBG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHBG (Sex Hormone Binding Globulin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SHBG include Anovulation and Ovarian Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages and Nongenotropic Androgen signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include androgen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PROS1.
     "
"SLC13A5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC13A5 (Solute Carrier Family 13 Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC13A5 include Epileptic Encephalopathy, Early Infantile, 25, With Amelogenesis Imperfecta and Undetermined Early-Onset Epileptic Encephalopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and citrate transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC13A2.
     "
"SLC16A11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC16A11 (Solute Carrier Family 16 Member 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include symporter activity and monocarboxylic acid transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC16A13.
     "
"SLC16A13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC16A13 (Solute Carrier Family 16 Member 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include symporter activity and monocarboxylic acid transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC16A11.
     "
"SLC25A35"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A35 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 35) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC25A35 include Cardiac Arrhythmia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A34.
     "
"SLC2A4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC2A4 (Solute Carrier Family 2 Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC2A4 include Diabetes Mellitus, Noninsulin-Dependent and Diabetes Mellitus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cori Cycle and Translocation of GLUT4 to the plasma membrane.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transmembrane transporter activity and glucose transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC2A1.
     "
"SLC35G6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC35G6 (Solute Carrier Family 35 Member G6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC35G3.
     "
"SNORA48"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA48 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 48) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA67"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA67 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 67) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD10 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 10) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORD118"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORD118 (Small Nucleolar RNA, C/D Box 118) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with SNORD118 include Leukoencephalopathy, Brain Calcifications, And Cysts and Epidermolysis Bullosa, Junctional, Herlitz Type.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SOX15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SOX15 (SRY-Box Transcription Factor 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SOX15 include Chondrodysplasia, Grebe Type and Autosomal Dominant Non-Syndromic Intellectual Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SOX3.
     "
"SPEM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPEM1 (Spermatid Maturation 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPEM1 include Spermatogenic Failure 9 and Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPEM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPEM2 (SPEM Family Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPEM2 include Scarlet Fever.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SPEM3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPEM3 (SPEM Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000286007.
     "
"TEKT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TEKT1 (Tektin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TEKT1 include Kartagener Syndrome and Epilepsy, Myoclonic Juvenile.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TEKT4.
     "
"TMEM102"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM102 (Transmembrane Protein 102) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM102 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 4 and Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MB21D2.
     "
"TMEM107"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM107 (Transmembrane Protein 107) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM107 include Orofaciodigital Syndrome Xvi and Meckel Syndrome 13.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM256"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM256 (Transmembrane Protein 256) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM256-PLSCR3.
     "
"TMEM256-PLSCR3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM256-PLSCR3 (TMEM256-PLSCR3 Readthrough (NMD Candidate)) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and calcium-dependent protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM256.
     "
"TMEM88"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM88 (Transmembrane Protein 88) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM95"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM95 (Transmembrane Protein 95) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM95 include Spermatogenic Failure, X-Linked, 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TNFSF12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFSF12 (TNF Superfamily Member 12) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNFSF12 include Common Variable Immunodeficiency and Peripheral Artery Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and tumor necrosis factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFSF12-TNFSF13.
     "
"TNFSF12-TNFSF13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFSF12-TNFSF13 (TNFSF12-TNFSF13 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cytokine activity and tumor necrosis factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFSF13.
     "
"TNFSF13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNFSF13 (TNF Superfamily Member 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNFSF13 include Igg4-Related Disease and Brain Glioblastoma Multiforme.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Akt Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and tumor necrosis factor receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNFSF12-TNFSF13.
     "
"TNK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNK1 (Tyrosine Kinase Non Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Focal Adhesion and Tyrosine Kinases / Adaptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNK2.
     "
"TP53"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TP53 (Tumor Protein P53) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TP53 include Li-Fraumeni Syndrome and Osteogenic Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of TP53 Activity and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TP73.
     "
"TRAPPC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRAPPC1 (Trafficking Protein Particle Complex 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRAPPC1 include Spondyloepiphyseal Dysplasia Tarda, X-Linked and Melanoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include Rab guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRAPPC4.
     "
"TXNDC17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TXNDC17 (Thioredoxin Domain Containing 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include electron transfer activity and protein-disulfide reductase activity.
                                            
     "
"VAMP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VAMP2 (Vesicle Associated Membrane Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VAMP2 include Tetanus and Foodborne Botulism.
                                            Among its related pathways are Clathrin derived vesicle budding and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calmodulin binding and syntaxin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000263620.
     "
"WRAP53"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WRAP53 (WD Repeat Containing Antisense To TP53) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WRAP53 include Dyskeratosis Congenita, Autosomal Recessive 3 and Dyskeratosis Congenita.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chaperonin-mediated protein folding and Chromosome Maintenance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding.
                                            
     "
"XAF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            XAF1 (XIAP Associated Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with XAF1 include Thymic Dysplasia and Gastric Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Apoptosis and Autophagy.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRAFD1.
     "
"YBX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            YBX2 (Y-Box Binding Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with YBX2 include Mastocytosis, Cutaneous and Mixed Germ Cell Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and lipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is YBX1.
     "
"ZBTB4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBTB4 (Zinc Finger And BTB Domain Containing 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZBTB4 include Immunodeficiency-Centromeric Instability-Facial Anomalies Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZBTB38.
     "
"AARSD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AARSD1 (Alanyl-TRNA Synthetase Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AARSD1 include Spinal Muscular Atrophy, Distal, Autosomal Recessive, 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and aminoacyl-tRNA editing activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PTGES3L-AARSD1.
     "
"ACLY"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACLY (ATP Citrate Lyase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ACLY include Acrocallosal Syndrome and Soft Palate Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Fatty Acyl-CoA Biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cofactor binding and ATP citrate synthase activity.
                                            
     "
"AOC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AOC2 (Amine Oxidase Copper Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AOC2 include Median Neuropathy and Retinitis Pigmentosa.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and beta-Alanine metabolism (KEGG).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include electron transfer activity and quinone binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AOC3.
     "
"AOC3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AOC3 (Amine Oxidase Copper Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AOC3 include Diabetic Angiopathy and Diabetes Mellitus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cytochrome P450 - arranged by substrate type and beta-Alanine metabolism (KEGG).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AOC2.
     "
"AOC4P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AOC4P (Amine Oxidase Copper Containing 4, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            Diseases associated with AOC4P include Colorectal Cancer and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ARL4D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL4D (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 4D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARL4D include Bardet-Biedl Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARL4A.
     "
"ATP6V0A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP6V0A1 (ATPase H+ Transporting V0 Subunit A1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP6V0A1 include Mental Retardation, X-Linked, Syndromic, Hedera Type and Nemaline Myopathy 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Insulin receptor recycling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase binding and proton-transporting ATPase activity, rotational mechanism.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP6V0A4.
     "
"BECN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BECN1 (Beclin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BECN1 include Sphingolipidosis and Cervix Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Autophagy - animal.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include sequence-specific DNA binding and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BECN2.
     "
"BRCA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BRCA1 (BRCA1 DNA Repair Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BRCA1 include Breast-Ovarian Cancer, Familial 1 and Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group S.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and ligase activity.
                                            
     "
"C17orf113"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C17orf113 (Chromosome 17 Open Reading Frame 113) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZBTB8B.
     "
"CAVIN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CAVIN1 (Caveolae Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CAVIN1 include Lipodystrophy, Congenital Generalized, Type 4 and Berardinelli-Seip Congenital Lipodystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Gene Expression.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CAVIN2.
     "
"CCDC200"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC200 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 200) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CCR10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCR10 (C-C Motif Chemokine Receptor 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCR10 include Mycosis Fungoides and Cutaneous T Cell Lymphoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and C-C chemokine receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CCR7.
     "
"CNP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNP (2',3'-Cyclic Nucleotide 3' Phosphodiesterase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNP include Isolated Optic Neuritis and Cutaneous Ganglioneuroma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glial Cell Differentiation and MECP2 and Associated Rett Syndrome.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and cyclic nucleotide binding.
                                            
     "
"CNTD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTD1 (Cyclin N-Terminal Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTD1 include Elephantiasis and Podoconiosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CNTNAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CNTNAP1 (Contactin Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CNTNAP1 include Lethal Congenital Contracture Syndrome 7 and Neuropathy, Congenital Hypomyelinating, 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) and L1CAM interactions.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include SH3/SH2 adaptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CNTNAP2.
     "
"COA3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COA3 (Cytochrome C Oxidase Assembly Factor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COA3 include Mitochondrial Complex Iv Deficiency and Myoclonic Epilepsy Associated With Ragged-Red Fibers.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            
                                            
     "
"COASY"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            COASY (Coenzyme A Synthase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with COASY include Neurodegeneration With Brain Iron Accumulation 6 and Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia, Type 12.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include dephospho-CoA kinase activity and pantetheine-phosphate adenylyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DCAKD.
     "
"DHX58"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DHX58 (DExH-Box Helicase 58) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DHX58 include Measles and Rabies.
                                            Among its related pathways are RIG-I/MDA5 mediated induction of IFN-alpha/beta pathways and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and helicase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IFIH1.
     "
"DHX8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DHX8 (DEAH-Box Helicase 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DHX8 include Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and identical protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DHX38.
     "
"DNAJC7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAJC7 (DnaJ Heat Shock Protein Family (Hsp40) Member C7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Constitutive Androstane Receptor Pathway and Cellular response to heat stress.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heat shock protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNAJC3.
     "
"EIF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EIF1 (Eukaryotic Translation Initiation Factor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EIF1 include Leukoencephalopathy With Vanishing White Matter.
                                            Among its related pathways are Translational Control and Translation Factors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation factor activity, RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EIF1B.
     "
"ETV4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ETV4 (ETS Variant Transcription Factor 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ETV4 include Ewing Sarcoma and Extraosseous Ewing Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are LKB1 signaling events and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ETV1.
     "
"EZH1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EZH1 (Enhancer Of Zeste 1 Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are PKMTs methylate histone lysines and Interactome of polycomb repressive complex 2 (PRC2).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and histone methyltransferase activity (H3-K27 specific).
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EZH2.
     "
"FKBP10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FKBP10 (FKBP Prolyl Isomerase 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FKBP10 include Bruck Syndrome 1 and Osteogenesis Imperfecta, Type Xi.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and FK506 binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FKBP9.
     "
"G6PC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            G6PC (Glucose-6-Phosphatase Catalytic Subunit) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with G6PC include Glycogen Storage Disease Ia and Hypoglycemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are FoxO family signaling and Hexose transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphotransferase activity, alcohol group as acceptor and glucose-6-phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is G6PC2.
     "
"GAST"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GAST (Gastrin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GAST include Gastritis and Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Salivary secretion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hormone activity.
                                            
     "
"GHDC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GHDC (GH3 Domain Containing) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            
     "
"HAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HAP1 (Huntingtin Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HAP1 include Huntington Disease and Spinocerebellar Ataxia 17.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and fMLP Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel binding and brain-derived neurotrophic factor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TRAK1.
     "
"HCRT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HCRT (Hypocretin Neuropeptide Precursor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HCRT include Narcolepsy 1 and Narcolepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include type 1 hypocretin receptor binding and type 2 hypocretin receptor binding.
                                            
     "
"HSD17B1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSD17B1 (Hydroxysteroid 17-Beta Dehydrogenase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HSD17B1 include Hypothalamic Obesity and Endometriosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Aromatase Inhibitor Pathway (Breast Cell), Pharmacodynamics and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and testosterone dehydrogenase (NAD+) activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RDH16.
     "
"HSPB9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HSPB9 (Heat Shock Protein Family B (Small) Member 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CRYAA2.
     "
"IFI35"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IFI35 (Interferon Induced Protein 35) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IFI35 include Stomatitis and Mouth Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Interferon gamma signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NMI.
     "
"JUP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            JUP (Junction Plakoglobin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with JUP include Naxos Disease and Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia, Familial, 12.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Cell adhesion_Endothelial cell contacts by junctional mechanisms.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CTNNB1.
     "
"KAT2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KAT2A (Lysine Acetyltransferase 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KAT2A include Spinocerebellar Ataxia 7 and Chromosome 16P13.3 Deletion Syndrome, Proximal.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and transcription coactivator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KAT2B.
     "
"KCNH4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNH4 (Potassium Voltage-Gated Channel Subfamily H Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNH4 include Miller Fisher Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Dopamine-DARPP32 Feedback onto cAMP Pathway and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and voltage-gated potassium channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNH8.
     "
"KLHL10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL10 (Kelch Like Family Member 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHL10 include Spermatogenic Failure 11 and Male Infertility With Azoospermia Or Oligozoospermia Due To Single Gene Mutation.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHL20.
     "
"KLHL11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL11 (Kelch Like Family Member 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BTBD11.
     "
"KRT14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KRT14 (Keratin 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KRT14 include Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex, Dowling-Meara Type and Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex, Autosomal Recessive 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glucocorticoid receptor regulatory network and Corticotropin-releasing hormone signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and keratin filament binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KRT16.
     "
"KRT16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KRT16 (Keratin 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KRT16 include Pachyonychia Congenita 1 and Palmoplantar Keratoderma, Nonepidermolytic, Focal 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Keratinization and Cytoskeleton remodeling Neurofilaments.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and structural constituent of cytoskeleton.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KRT14.
     "
"KRT17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KRT17 (Keratin 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KRT17 include Steatocystoma Multiplex and Pachyonychia Congenita 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glucocorticoid receptor regulatory network and Keratinization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and MHC class II receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KRT14.
     "
"KRT42P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KRT42P (Keratin 42 Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00671"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00671 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 671) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00910"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00910 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 910) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101929767"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101929767 (Uncharacterized LOC101929767) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC108783654"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC108783654 (Uncharacterized LOC108783654) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MEOX1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MEOX1 (Mesenchyme Homeobox 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MEOX1 include Klippel-Feil Syndrome 2, Autosomal Recessive and Isolated Klippel-Feil Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and chromatin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MEOX2.
     "
"MIR2117"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR2117 (MicroRNA 2117) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR2117HG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR2117HG (MIR2117 Host Gene) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR5010"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5010 (MicroRNA 5010) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Insulin receptor recycling.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR548AT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR548AT (MicroRNA 548at) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6780A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6780A (MicroRNA 6780a) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6781"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6781 (MicroRNA 6781) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MLX"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MLX (MAX Dimerization Protein MLX) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MLX include Takayasu Arteritis and Advanced Sleep Phase Syndrome, Familial, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Integration of energy metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MLXIP.
     "
"NAGLU"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NAGLU (N-Acetyl-Alpha-Glucosaminidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NAGLU include Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Axonal, Type 2V and Mucopolysaccharidosis, Type Iiib.
                                            Among its related pathways are Circadian rythm related genes and Glycosaminoglycan metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include alpha-N-acetylglucosaminidase activity.
                                            
     "
"NBR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NBR1 (NBR1 Autophagy Cargo Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NBR1 include Bilateral Breast Cancer and Inclusion Body Myositis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitophagy - animal.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ubiquitin binding and mitogen-activated protein kinase binding.
                                            
     "
"NBR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NBR2 (Neighbor Of BRCA1 LncRNA 2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with NBR2 include Breast-Ovarian Cancer, Familial 1 and Bilateral Breast Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NKIRAS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NKIRAS2 (NFKB Inhibitor Interacting Ras Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are NF-KappaB Family Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NKIRAS1.
     "
"NT5C3B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NT5C3B (5'-Nucleotidase, Cytosolic IIIB) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Deadenylation-dependent mRNA decay.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and 5'-nucleotidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NT5C3A.
     "
"P3H4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            P3H4 (Prolyl 3-Hydroxylase Family Member 4 (Inactive)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with P3H4 include Interstitial Cystitis and Membranous Nephropathy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CRTAP.
     "
"PLEKHH3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLEKHH3 (Pleckstrin Homology, MyTH4 And FERM Domain Containing H3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PSMC3IP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSMC3IP (PSMC3 Interacting Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PSMC3IP include Ovarian Dysgenesis 3 and 46,Xx Sex Reversal 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Meiosis and Cell Cycle, Mitotic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and nuclear receptor transcription coactivator activity.
                                            
     "
"PSME3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PSME3 (Proteasome Activator Subunit 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and MDM2/MDM4 family protein binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PSME1.
     "
"PTGES3L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PTGES3L (Prostaglandin E Synthase 3 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PTGES3.
     "
"PTGES3L-AARSD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PTGES3L-AARSD1 (PTGES3L-AARSD1 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AARSD1.
     "
"RAB5C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAB5C (RAB5C, Member RAS Oncogene Family) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAB5C include Argentine Hemorrhagic Fever.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and GDP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAB5A.
     "
"RAMP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAMP2 (Receptor Activity Modifying Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RAMP2 include Pheochromocytoma and Cartilage Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein transporter activity and coreceptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RAMP1.
     "
"RAMP2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RAMP2-AS1 (RAMP2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with RAMP2-AS1 include Glioma Susceptibility 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RETREG3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RETREG3 (Reticulophagy Regulator Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RND2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RND2 (Rho Family GTPase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RND2 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 58 and Shoulder Impingement Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and protein N-terminus binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RND3.
     "
"RPL27"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL27 (Ribosomal Protein L27) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPL27 include Diamond-Blackfan Anemia 16 and Diamond-Blackfan Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Influenza Viral RNA Transcription and Replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"RUNDC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RUNDC1 (RUN Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"STAT3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STAT3 (Signal Transducer And Activator Of Transcription 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STAT3 include Hyper-Ige Recurrent Infection Syndrome 1, Autosomal Dominant and Autoimmune Disease, Multisystem, Infantile-Onset, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are FGFR1 mutant receptor activation and MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STAT1.
     "
"STAT5A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STAT5A (Signal Transducer And Activator Of Transcription 5A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STAT5A include Chronic Leukemia and Myeloproliferative Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are FGFR1 mutant receptor activation and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STAT5B.
     "
"STAT5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STAT5B (Signal Transducer And Activator Of Transcription 5B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STAT5B include Growth Hormone Insensitivity With Immunodeficiency and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are FGFR1 mutant receptor activation and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STAT5A.
     "
"TMEM106A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM106A (Transmembrane Protein 106A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM106A include Benign Breast Phyllodes Tumor and Distal Arthrogryposis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TTC25"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TTC25 (Tetratricopeptide Repeat Domain 25) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TTC25 include Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 35 and Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TUBG1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TUBG1 (Tubulin Gamma 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TUBG1 include Cortical Dysplasia, Complex, With Other Brain Malformations 4 and Band Heterotopia.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Regulation of PLK1 Activity at G2/M Transition.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and structural constituent of cytoskeleton.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TUBG2.
     "
"TUBG2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TUBG2 (Tubulin Gamma 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TUBG2 include Childhood Pilocytic Astrocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TUBG1.
     "
"VAT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VAT1 (Vesicle Amine Transport 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VAT1 include Internal Hemorrhoid and Immature Cataract.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include oxidoreductase activity and transferase activity, transferring acyl groups other than amino-acyl groups.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VAT1L.
     "
"VPS25"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS25 (Vacuolar Protein Sorting 25 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS25 include Cone-Rod Dystrophy 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endocytosis and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein N-terminus binding.
                                            
     "
"WNK4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WNK4 (WNK Lysine Deficient Protein Kinase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WNK4 include Pseudohypoaldosteronism, Type Iib and Pseudohypoaldosteronism.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ion channel transport and PI3K / Akt Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WNK1.
     "
"ZNF385C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF385C (Zinc Finger Protein 385C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF385C include Brachyolmia and Fibrochondrogenesis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF385D.
     "
"ACBD4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ACBD4 (Acyl-CoA Binding Domain Containing 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Peroxisomal lipid metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include lipid binding and fatty-acyl-CoA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ACBD5.
     "
"ADAM11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAM11 (ADAM Metallopeptidase Domain 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADAM11 include Epilepsy, Familial Temporal Lobe, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are LGI-ADAM interactions and Developmental Biology.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include metalloendopeptidase activity and metallopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADAM22.
     "
"ASB16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASB16 (Ankyrin Repeat And SOCS Box Containing 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASB16 include Brain Glioblastoma Multiforme.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASB18.
     "
"ASB16-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASB16-AS1 (ASB16 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ATXN7L3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATXN7L3 (Ataxin 7 Like 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATXN7L3 include Spinocerebellar Ataxia 7.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coactivator activity and nuclear receptor transcription coactivator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATXN7.
     "
"C17orf53"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for HROB Gene
             
         
         
                                            HROB (Homologous Recombination Factor With OB-Fold) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HROB include Congenital Lipomatous Overgrowth, Vascular Malformations, And Epidermal Nevi.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"C1QL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1QL1 (Complement C1q Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C1QL3.
     "
"CCDC103"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC103 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 103) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CCDC103 include Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 17 and Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity.
                                            
     "
"CCDC43"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC43 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 43) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CD300LG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CD300LG (CD300 Molecule Like Family Member G) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include IgM binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CD300A.
     "
"CFAP97D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CFAP97D1 (CFAP97 Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DBF4B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DBF4B (DBF4 Zinc Finger B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are E2F mediated regulation of DNA replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and protein kinase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DBF4.
     "
"DCAKD"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DCAKD (Dephospho-CoA Kinase Domain Containing) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Integrated Breast Cancer Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include dephospho-CoA kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is COASY.
     "
"DUSP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DUSP3 (Dual Specificity Phosphatase 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DUSP3 include Vaccinia and Cervix Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Activated TLR4 signalling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and protein tyrosine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DUSP13.
     "
"EFTUD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFTUD2 (Elongation Factor Tu GTP Binding Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with EFTUD2 include Mandibulofacial Dysostosis, Guion-Almeida Type and Dysostosis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EEF2.
     "
"FAM171A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM171A2 (Family With Sequence Similarity 171 Member A2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM171A1.
     "
"FAM187A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM187A (Family With Sequence Similarity 187 Member A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM187A include Enamel Erosion and Enamel Caries.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FAM187B.
     "
"FAM215A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FAM215A (Family With Sequence Similarity 215 Member A) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with FAM215A include Ovarian Cancer and Conjunctivochalasis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"FMNL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FMNL1 (Formin Like 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FMNL1 include Malignant Breast Melanoma and Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy, Itm2b-Related, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and actin filament binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FMNL2.
     "
"FZD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FZD2 (Frizzled Class Receptor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FZD2 include Omodysplasia 2 and Autosomal Dominant Robinow Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and PDZ domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FZD1.
     "
"G6PC3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            G6PC3 (Glucose-6-Phosphatase Catalytic Subunit 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with G6PC3 include Neutropenia, Severe Congenital, 4, Autosomal Recessive and Neutropenia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glucose metabolism and Hexose transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glucose-6-phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is G6PC2.
     "
"GFAP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GFAP (Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GFAP include Alexander Disease and Central Neurocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by ERBB4 and JAK-STAT signaling pathway (KEGG).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity and structural constituent of cytoskeleton.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VIM.
     "
"GJC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GJC1 (Gap Junction Protein Gamma 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GJC1 include Oculodentodigital Dysplasia and Sinoatrial Node Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Myometrial Relaxation and Contraction Pathways and Gap junction trafficking.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ion channel activity and gap junction channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GJC2.
     "
"GPATCH8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPATCH8 (G-Patch Domain Containing 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPATCH8 include Hyperuricemia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF804B.
     "
"GRN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GRN (Granulin Precursor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GRN include Ceroid Lipofuscinosis, Neuronal, 11 and Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration With Tdp43 Inclusions, Grn-Related.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Integrated Breast Cancer Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include growth factor activity.
                                            
     "
"HDAC5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HDAC5 (Histone Deacetylase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HDAC5 include Anhidrosis, Isolated, With Normal Sweat Glands and Polycystic Kidney Disease 3 With Or Without Polycystic Liver Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and RNA Polymerase II Transcription Initiation And Promoter Clearance.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and transcription corepressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HDAC4.
     "
"HEXIM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HEXIM1 (HEXIM P-TEFb Complex Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HEXIM1 include Nut Midline Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Initiation of transcription and translation elongation at the HIV-1 LTR and Chromatin Regulation / Acetylation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cyclin-dependent protein serine/threonine kinase inhibitor activity and snRNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HEXIM2.
     "
"HEXIM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HEXIM2 (HEXIM P-TEFb Complex Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HEXIM2 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 44.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include cyclin-dependent protein serine/threonine kinase inhibitor activity and snRNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HEXIM1.
     "
"HIGD1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HIGD1B (HIG1 Hypoxia Inducible Domain Family Member 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HIGD1A.
     "
"ITGA2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGA2B (Integrin Subunit Alpha 2b) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGA2B include Glanzmann Thrombasthenia and Bleeding Disorder, Platelet-Type, 16.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and fibrinogen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ITGA8.
     "
"KIF18B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KIF18B (Kinesin Family Member 18B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Golgi-to-ER retrograde transport and Vesicle-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KIF26B.
     "
"LINC01180"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01180 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1180) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01976"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01976 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1976) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105371789"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105371789 (Uncharacterized LOC105371789) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105371795"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105371795 (Uncharacterized LOC105371795) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC339192"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC339192 (Uncharacterized LOC339192) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LSM12"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LSM12 (LSM12 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAP3K14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP3K14 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Kinase Kinase 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAP3K14 include Nik Deficiency and Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and Transcription_NF-kB signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is STK10.
     "
"MAP3K14-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAP3K14-AS1 (MAP3K14 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MAP3K14-AS1 include Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Nik Deficiency.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MEIOC"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MEIOC (Meiosis Specific With Coiled-Coil Domain) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6782"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6782 (MicroRNA 6782) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6783"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6783 (MicroRNA 6783) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6784"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6784 (MicroRNA 6784) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MPP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MPP2 (Membrane Palmitoylated Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MPP2 include Danon Disease and Tetanus.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include PDZ domain binding and guanylate kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MPP6.
     "
"MPP3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MPP3 (Membrane Palmitoylated Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MPP3 include Chromosome 3Q29 Deletion Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include PDZ domain binding and guanylate kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MPP7.
     "
"NAGS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NAGS (N-Acetylglutamate Synthase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NAGS include N-Acetylglutamate Synthase Deficiency and Aspartylglucosaminuria.
                                            Among its related pathways are Carbon metabolism and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity and acetyl-CoA:L-glutamate N-acetyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"NMT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NMT1 (N-Myristoyltransferase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NMT1 include Gallbladder Cancer and Submandibular Adenitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase activity and myristoyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NMT2.
     "
"PLCD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLCD3 (Phospholipase C Delta 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PLCD3 include Hemifacial Microsomia.
                                            Among its related pathways are superpathway of inositol phosphate compounds and Sweet Taste Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and phosphoric diester hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLCD1.
     "
"PPY"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PPY (Pancreatic Polypeptide) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PPY include Auditory System Cancer and Non-Functioning Pancreatic Endocrine Tumor.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and G protein-coupled receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPY.
     "
"PYY"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PYY (Peptide YY) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PYY include Anorexia Nervosa and Bulimia Nervosa.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Sympathetic Nerve Pathway (Neuroeffector Junction).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hormone activity and neuropeptide hormone activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NPY.
     "
"RUNDC3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RUNDC3A (RUN Domain Containing 3A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RUNDC3A include Malignant Pineal Area Germ Cell Neoplasm and Pineal Gland Cancer.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase regulator activity and guanylate cyclase activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RUNDC3B.
     "
"RUNDC3A-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RUNDC3A-AS1 (RUNDC3A Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SLC25A39"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC25A39 (Solute Carrier Family 25 Member 39) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC25A40.
     "
"SLC4A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC4A1 (Solute Carrier Family 4 Member 1 (Diego Blood Group)) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC4A1 include Renal Tubular Acidosis, Distal, Autosomal Dominant and Renal Tubular Acidosis, Distal, With Hemolytic Anemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds and Erythrocytes take up carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC4A2.
     "
"SOST"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SOST (Sclerostin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SOST include Sclerosteosis 1 and Craniodiaphyseal Dysplasia, Autosomal Dominant.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Negative regulation of TCF-dependent signaling by WNT ligand antagonists.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and heparin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SOSTDC1.
     "
"SPATA32"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPATA32 (Spermatogenesis Associated 32) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding.
                                            
     "
"TMEM101"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM101 (Transmembrane Protein 101) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            
     "
"TMUB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMUB2 (Transmembrane And Ubiquitin Like Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMUB1.
     "
"UBTF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UBTF (Upstream Binding Transcription Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with UBTF include Neurodegeneration, Childhood-Onset, With Brain Atrophy and Retinoblastoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is UBTFL1.
     "
"ARHGAP27"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARHGAP27 (Rho GTPase Activating Protein 27) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARHGAP27 include Koolen-De Vries Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Signaling by Rho GTPases.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTPase activator activity and SH3 domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARHGAP12.
     "
"ARL17A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL17A (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 17A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ARL17A include Bardet-Biedl Syndrome and Retinitis Pigmentosa.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARL17B.
     "
"ARL17B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ARL17B (ADP Ribosylation Factor Like GTPase 17B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ARL17A.
     "
"CRHR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CRHR1 (Corticotropin Releasing Hormone Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CRHR1 include Depression and Anxiety.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Peptide ligand-binding receptors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CRHR2.
     "
"KANSL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KANSL1 (KAT8 Regulatory NSL Complex Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KANSL1 include Koolen-De Vries Syndrome and Koolen-De Vries Syndrome Due To A Point Mutation.
                                            Among its related pathways are Chromatin organization and Pathways Affected in Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include histone acetyltransferase activity (H4-K5 specific) and histone acetyltransferase activity (H4-K16 specific).
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KANSL1L.
     "
"KANSL1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KANSL1-AS1 (KANSL1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with KANSL1-AS1 include Digeorge Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02210"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02210 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2210) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with LINC02210 include Koolen-De Vries Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC02210-CRHR1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC02210-CRHR1 (LINC02210-CRHR1 Readthrough) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Corticotropin-releasing hormone signaling pathway and GPCRs, Class B Secretin-like.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CRHR1.
     "
"LRRC37A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRRC37A (Leucine Rich Repeat Containing 37A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LRRC37A include Koolen-De Vries Syndrome and Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive, 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LRRC37A2.
     "
"LRRC37A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRRC37A2 (Leucine Rich Repeat Containing 37 Member A2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LRRC37A2 include Epilepsy, Progressive Myoclonic, 6 and Koolen-De Vries Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LRRC37A.
     "
"LRRC37A4P"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRRC37A4P (Leucine Rich Repeat Containing 37 Member A4, Pseudogene) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAPK8IP1P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPK8IP1P2 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 8 Interacting Protein 1 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAPT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPT (Microtubule Associated Protein Tau) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAPT include Frontotemporal Dementia and Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and Ponatinib Pathway, Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding and microtubule binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAP2.
     "
"MAPT-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPT-AS1 (MAPT Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MAPT-AS1 include Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset and Koolen-De Vries Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAPT-IT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPT-IT1 (MAPT Intronic Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MAPT-IT1 include Koolen-De Vries Syndrome and Peroxisome Biogenesis Disorder 1B.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4315-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4315-1 (MicroRNA 4315-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4315-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4315-2 (MicroRNA 4315-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NSF"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NSF (N-Ethylmaleimide Sensitive Factor, Vesicle Fusing ATPase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NSF include Foodborne Botulism and Tetanus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Transmission across Chemical Synapses.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase binding.
                                            
     "
"NSFP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NSFP1 (N-Ethylmaleimide-Sensitive Factor Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PLEKHM1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLEKHM1 (Pleckstrin Homology And RUN Domain Containing M1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PLEKHM1 include Osteopetrosis, Autosomal Recessive 6 and Osteopetrosis, Autosomal Dominant 3.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLEKHM3.
     "
"SPPL2C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPPL2C (Signal Peptide Peptidase Like 2C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPPL2C include Chromosome 17Q21.31 Duplication Syndrome and Koolen-De Vries Syndrome.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and aspartic-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SPPL2B.
     "
"STH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            STH (Saitohin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with STH include Acidophil Adenoma and Filarial Elephantiasis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CDC27"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDC27 (Cell Division Cycle 27) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CDC27 include Cervix Carcinoma and Glandular Tularemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oocyte meiosis and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein phosphatase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDC23.
     "
"EFCAB13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFCAB13 (EF-Hand Calcium Binding Domain 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            
     "
"GOSR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GOSR2 (Golgi SNAP Receptor Complex Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GOSR2 include Epilepsy, Progressive Myoclonic, 6 and Myoclonic Epilepsy Of Unverricht And Lundborg.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and SNAP receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000262633.
     "
"ITGB3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ITGB3 (Integrin Subunit Beta 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ITGB3 include Glanzmann Thrombasthenia and Bleeding Disorder, Platelet-Type, 16.
                                            Among its related pathways are RET signaling and Hematopoietic cell lineage.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and protease binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000259753.
     "
"KPNB1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KPNB1 (Karyopherin Subunit Beta 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KPNB1 include Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis and Influenza.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IPO5.
     "
"MIR5089"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR5089 (MicroRNA 5089) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MRPL45P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRPL45P2 (Mitochondrial Ribosomal Protein L45 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MYL4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYL4 (Myosin Light Chain 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MYL4 include Atrial Fibrillation, Familial, 18 and Familial Atrial Fibrillation.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics and Immune response  CCR3 signaling in eosinophils.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and actin monomer binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MYL3.
     "
"NPEPPS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NPEPPS (Aminopeptidase Puromycin Sensitive) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NPEPPS include Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include metallopeptidase activity and aminopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ERAP2.
     "
"RPRML"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPRML (Reprimo Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPRML include Retinitis Pigmentosa 6.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RPRM.
     "
"TBKBP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBKBP1 (TBK1 Binding Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TBKBP1 include Vaccinia.
                                            Among its related pathways are RIG-I/MDA5 mediated induction of IFN-alpha/beta pathways and NF-kappaB Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AZI2.
     "
"TBX21"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBX21 (T-Box Transcription Factor 21) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TBX21 include Asthma, Nasal Polyps, And Aspirin Intolerance and Asthma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Development and heterogeneity of the ILC family and Glucocorticoid receptor regulatory network.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and transcription regulatory region DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is EOMES.
     "
"THCAT158"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            THCAT158 (Thyroid Cancer-Associated Transcript 158) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with THCAT158 include Thrombasthenia and Glanzmann Thrombasthenia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"WNT3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WNT3 (Wnt Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WNT3 include Tetraamelia Syndrome 1 and Tetra-Amelia Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Nanog in Mammalian ESC Pluripotency.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and frizzled binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WNT3A.
     "
"WNT9B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            WNT9B (Wnt Family Member 9B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with WNT9B include Cleft Lip and Mayer-Rokitansky-Kuster-Hauser Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Nanog in Mammalian ESC Pluripotency.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and frizzled binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is WNT9A.
     "
"BCAS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BCAS3 (BCAS3 Microtubule Associated Cell Migration Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BCAS3 include Transvestism and Fetishism.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ectoderm Differentiation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and histone binding.
                                            
     "
"BRIP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BRIP1 (BRCA1 Interacting Protein C-Terminal Helicase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BRIP1 include Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group J and Breast Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Double-Strand Break Repair and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and 4 iron, 4 sulfur cluster binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RTEL1.
     "
"C17orf82"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for LINC02875 Gene
             
         
         
                                            LINC02875 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 2875) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"EFCAB3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            EFCAB3 (EF-Hand Calcium Binding Domain 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CABP4.
     "
"INTS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            INTS2 (Integrator Complex Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Formation of HIV-1 elongation complex containing HIV-1 Tat.
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101927855"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101927855 (Uncharacterized LOC101927855) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101927877"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for MARCHF10-DT Gene
             
         
         
                                            MARCHF10-DT (MARCHF10 Divergent Transcript) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105371855"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105371855 (Uncharacterized LOC105371855) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MARCH10"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for MARCHF10 Gene
             
         
         
                                            MARCHF10 (Membrane Associated Ring-CH-Type Finger 10) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MARCHF10 include Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 13 and Multinucleated Neurons, Anhydramnios, Renal Dysplasia, Cerebellar Hypoplasia, And Hydranencephaly.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MARCHF7.
     "
"MED13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MED13 (Mediator Complex Subunit 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MED13 include Opitz-Kaveggia Syndrome and Ohdo Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription coregulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MED13L.
     "
"METTL2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            METTL2A (Methyltransferase Like 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include methyltransferase activity and tRNA (cytosine) methyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is METTL2B.
     "
"MRC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRC2 (Mannose Receptor C Type 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MRC2 include Primary Bone Cancer and Gliofibroma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and collagen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLA2R1.
     "
"NACA2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NACA2 (Nascent Polypeptide Associated Complex Subunit Alpha 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NACA2 include Scleral Staphyloma and Melon Allergy.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NACA.
     "
"TBC1D3P2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBC1D3P2 (TBC1 Domain Family Member 3 Pseudogene 2) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TBX2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBX2 (T-Box Transcription Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TBX2 include Vertebral Anomalies And Variable Endocrine And T-Cell Dysfunction and Ulnar-Mammary Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Heart Development and Kit receptor signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBX3.
     "
"TBX2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBX2-AS1 (TBX2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TBX4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TBX4 (T-Box Transcription Factor 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TBX4 include Ischiocoxopodopatellar Syndrome With Or Without Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension and Heritable Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TBX5.
     "
"TLK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TLK2 (Tousled Like Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TLK2 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 57 and Pica Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage Response and Chks in Checkpoint Regulation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLK1.
     "
"AFMID"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AFMID (Arylformamidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AFMID include Glaucomatocyclitic Crisis.
                                            Among its related pathways are NAD metabolism and superpathway of tryptophan utilization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity and arylformamidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is AADAC.
     "
"BIRC5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BIRC5 (Baculoviral IAP Repeat Containing 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BIRC5 include Adenocarcinoma and Vulvar Intraepithelial Neoplasia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Hippo signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BIRC2.
     "
"C17orf99"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C17orf99 (Chromosome 17 Open Reading Frame 99) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with C17orf99 include Amelogenesis Imperfecta, Type Ie.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FCRL5.
     "
"C1QTNF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1QTNF1 (C1q And TNF Related 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include collagen binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is C1QTNF6.
     "
"C1QTNF1-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C1QTNF1-AS1 (C1QTNF1 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CANT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CANT1 (Calcium Activated Nucleotidase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CANT1 include Desbuquois Dysplasia 1 and Epiphyseal Dysplasia, Multiple, 7.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and pyrophosphatase activity.
                                            
     "
"CEP295NL"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CEP295NL (CEP295 N-Terminal Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CEP295.
     "
"CYTH1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CYTH1 (Cytohesin 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CYTH1 include Robinow Syndrome, Autosomal Dominant 2 and Robinow Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Immune response Role of DAP12 receptors in NK cells and Intra-Golgi traffic.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include lipid binding and ARF guanyl-nucleotide exchange factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CYTH3.
     "
"DNAH17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAH17 (Dynein Axonemal Heavy Chain 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DNAH17 include Spermatogenic Failure 39 and Ciliary Dyskinesia, Primary, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins..
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DNAH9.
     "
"DNAH17-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DNAH17-AS1 (DNAH17 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"ENGASE"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ENGASE (Endo-Beta-N-Acetylglucosaminidase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ENGASE include Congenital Disorder Of Deglycosylation and Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Other glycan degradation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include mannosyl-glycoprotein endo-beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase activity.
                                            
     "
"LGALS3BP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LGALS3BP (Galectin 3 Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LGALS3BP include Strongyloidiasis and Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura.
                                            Among its related pathways are Response to elevated platelet cytosolic Ca2+.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include scavenger receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LOXL3.
     "
"LINC01973"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01973 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1973) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01987"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01987 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1987) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01993"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01993 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1993) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100507351"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100507351 (Uncharacterized LOC100507351) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC101928674"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101928674 (Uncharacterized LOC101928674) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC400622"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC400622 (Uncharacterized LOC400622) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PGS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PGS1 (Phosphatidylglycerophosphate Synthase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are cardiolipin biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and CDP-diacylglycerol-glycerol-3-phosphate 3-phosphatidyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"RBFOX3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RBFOX3 (RNA Binding Fox-1 Homolog 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RBFOX3 include Benign Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spikes and Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Neuroscience.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RBFOX1.
     "
"SCAT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCAT1 (S-Phase Cancer Associated Transcript 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SEPTIN9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SEPTIN9 (Septin 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SEPTIN9 include Amyotrophy, Hereditary Neuralgic and Brachial Plexus Neuropathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Bacterial invasion of epithelial cells and ERK Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SEPTIN3.
     "
"SOCS3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SOCS3 (Suppressor Of Cytokine Signaling 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SOCS3 include Dermatitis, Atopic, 4 and Primary Polycythemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Interleukin-6 family signaling and Development_Leptin signaling via JAK/STAT and MAPK cascades.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein kinase inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CISH.
     "
"SYNGR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SYNGR2 (Synaptogyrin 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SYNGR2 include Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 4D and Leukoencephalopathy With Vanishing White Matter.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SYNGR1.
     "
"TIMP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TIMP2 (TIMP Metallopeptidase Inhibitor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TIMP2 include Conjunctivochalasis and Sorsby Fundus Dystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include integrin binding and enzyme activator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TIMP4.
     "
"TK1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TK1 (Thymidine Kinase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TK1 include Hypochondroplasia and Thanatophoric Dysplasia, Type I.
                                            Among its related pathways are Fluoropyrimidine Activity and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and thymidine kinase activity.
                                            
     "
"TMC6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMC6 (Transmembrane Channel Like 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMC6 include Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis 1 and Skin Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMC5.
     "
"TMC8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMC8 (Transmembrane Channel Like 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMC8 include Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis 2 and Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMC4.
     "
"TMEM235"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM235 (Transmembrane Protein 235) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM235 include Renal Glucosuria.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM114.
     "
"TNRC6C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNRC6C (Trinucleotide Repeat Containing Adaptor 6C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TNRC6C include Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Downstream signaling events of B Cell Receptor (BCR) and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TNRC6A.
     "
"TNRC6C-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TNRC6C-AS1 (TNRC6C Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"USP36"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            USP36 (Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 36) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ubiquitin-Proteasome Dependent Proteolysis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include thiol-dependent ubiquitin-specific protease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is USP42.
     "
"ASXL3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ASXL3 (ASXL Transcriptional Regulator 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ASXL3 include Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome and Carrion's Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ASXL1.
     "
"CCDC178"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CCDC178 (Coiled-Coil Domain Containing 178) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DTNA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DTNA (Dystrobrevin Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DTNA include Left Ventricular Noncompaction 1 and Left Ventricular Noncompaction.
                                            Among its related pathways are Muscular Dystrophies and Dystrophin-Glycoprotein Complex.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and PDZ domain binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DTNB.
     "
"KLHL14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLHL14 (Kelch Like Family Member 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KLHL14 include Dystonia.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLHL9.
     "
"NOL4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NOL4 (Nucleolar Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NOL4L.
     "
"LINC00907"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00907 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 907) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RIT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RIT2 (Ras Like Without CAAX 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RIT2 include Ariboflavinosis and Suppurative Lymphadenitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and calmodulin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RIT1.
     "
"SYT4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SYT4 (Synaptotagmin 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding and syntaxin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SYT11.
     "
"CFAP53"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CFAP53 (Cilia And Flagella Associated Protein 53) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CFAP53 include Heterotaxy, Visceral, 6, Autosomal and Visceral Heterotaxy.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CXXC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CXXC1 (CXXC Finger Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CXXC1 include Gait Apraxia and Breast Adenoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Unfolded Protein Response (UPR) and Chromatin Regulation / Acetylation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include histone methyltransferase activity (H3-K4 specific) and unmethylated CpG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAF3.
     "
"ELAC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ELAC1 (ElaC Ribonuclease Z 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are RNA transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include endoribonuclease activity, producing 5'-phosphomonoesters and 3'-tRNA processing endoribonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ELAC2.
     "
"LINC01630"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01630 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1630) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MAPK4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MAPK4 (Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MAPK4 include Pulmonary Immaturity.
                                            Among its related pathways are CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages and MicroRNAs in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MAPK6.
     "
"MBD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MBD1 (Methyl-CpG Binding Domain Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MBD1 include Trigeminal Nerve Disease and Facial Neuralgia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) Susceptibility Pathways.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and methyl-CpG binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MBD2.
     "
"ME2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ME2 (Malic Enzyme 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ME2 include Epilepsy, Idiopathic Generalized and Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Carbon metabolism and Glucose / Energy Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include electron transfer activity and malic enzyme activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ME1.
     "
"MEX3C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MEX3C (Mex-3 RNA Binding Family Member C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MEX3C include Smallpox and Protoplasmic Astrocytoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Class I MHC mediated antigen processing and presentation and Innate Immune System.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MEX3B.
     "
"MRO"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MRO (Maestro) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MRO include Alzheimer Disease 3 and Bullous Retinoschisis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MROH2B.
     "
"MYO5B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MYO5B (Myosin VB) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MYO5B include Diarrhea 2, With Microvillus Atrophy and Myo5b-Related Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Pathogenic Escherichia coli infection and Aquaporin-mediated transport.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and Rab GTPase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MYO5A.
     "
"SKA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SKA1 (Spindle And Kinetochore Associated Complex Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SKA1 include Ovary Serous Adenocarcinoma and Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitotic Metaphase and Anaphase and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include microtubule binding.
                                            
     "
"SMAD4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMAD4 (SMAD Family Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMAD4 include Myhre Syndrome and Juvenile Polyposis Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Th1 Differentiation Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMAD5.
     "
"ABHD17A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABHD17A (Abhydrolase Domain Containing 17A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABHD17C.
     "
"ADAMTSL5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAMTSL5 (ADAMTS Like 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADAMTSL5 include Peters-Plus Syndrome and Isolated Ectopia Lentis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and O-glycosylation of TSR domain-containing proteins.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include heparin binding and metalloendopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADAMTSL4.
     "
"ADAT3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADAT3 (Adenosine Deaminase TRNA Specific 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADAT3 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Recessive 36 and Esotropia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and tRNA processing.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hydrolase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADAT2.
     "
"AMH"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AMH (Anti-Mullerian Hormone) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AMH include Persistent Mullerian Duct Syndrome, Types I And Ii and Persistent Mullerian Duct Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hippo signaling pathway and PEDF Induced Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and hormone activity.
                                            
     "
"AP3D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AP3D1 (Adaptor Related Protein Complex 3 Subunit Delta 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AP3D1 include Hermansky-Pudlak Syndrome 10 and Ocular Albinism.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lysosome.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and protein transporter activity.
                                            
     "
"APC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            APC2 (APC Regulator Of WNT Signaling Pathway 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with APC2 include Sotos Syndrome 3 and Cortical Dysplasia, Complex, With Other Brain Malformations 10.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endometrial cancer and Gastric cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include binding and beta-catenin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is APC.
     "
"ATP8B3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ATP8B3 (ATPase Phospholipid Transporting 8B3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ATP8B3 include Cholestasis, Benign Recurrent Intrahepatic, 1 and Robinow Syndrome, Autosomal Dominant 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cardiac conduction and Transport of glucose and other sugars, bile salts and organic acids, metal ions and amine compounds.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleotide binding and cation-transporting ATPase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ATP8B1.
     "
"BTBD2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BTBD2 (BTB Domain Containing 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BTBD1.
     "
"C19orf25"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            C19orf25 (Chromosome 19 Open Reading Frame 25) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CELF5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CELF5 (CUGBP Elav-Like Family Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CELF5 include Atrial Septal Defect 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CELF4.
     "
"CSNK1G2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CSNK1G2 (Casein Kinase 1 Gamma 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are FoxO family signaling and Sphingolipid metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CSNK1G3.
     "
"CSNK1G2-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CSNK1G2-AS1 (CSNK1G2 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with CSNK1G2-AS1 include Embryonal Testis Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DAZAP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DAZAP1 (DAZ Associated Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DAZAP1 include Azoospermia and Infertility.
                                            Among its related pathways are mRNA surveillance pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RBMX.
     "
"DIRAS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DIRAS1 (DIRAS Family GTPase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DIRAS1 include Photosensitive Epilepsy.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and mitogen-activated protein kinase binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DIRAS2.
     "
"DOT1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DOT1L (DOT1 Like Histone Lysine Methyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DOT1L include Nut Midline Carcinoma and Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia, Familial, 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are PKMTs methylate histone lysines and Chromatin organization.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription factor binding and histone methyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"GADD45B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GADD45B (Growth Arrest And DNA Damage Inducible Beta) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GADD45B include Lung Cancer and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endometrial cancer and Gastric cancer.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GADD45A.
     "
"GAMT"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GAMT (Guanidinoacetate N-Methyltransferase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GAMT include Cerebral Creatine Deficiency Syndrome 2 and Cerebral Creatine Deficiency Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Arginine and proline metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include methyltransferase activity and guanidinoacetate N-methyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"GNA11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GNA11 (G Protein Subunit Alpha 11) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GNA11 include Hypocalciuric Hypercalcemia, Familial, Type Ii and Hypocalcemia, Autosomal Dominant 2.
                                            Among its related pathways are G-protein signaling_RhoA regulation pathway and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GNAQ.
     "
"GNA15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GNA15 (G Protein Subunit Alpha 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GNA15 include Pertussis and Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Dominant Intermediate F.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and CCR5 Pathway in Macrophages.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include GTP binding and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GNAQ.
     "
"GNG7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GNG7 (G Protein Subunit Gamma 7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GNG7 include Keratinizing Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and ADP signalling through P2Y purinoceptor 1.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GNG12.
     "
"IZUMO4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IZUMO4 (IZUMO Family Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Fertilization.
                                            
                                            
     "
"JSRP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            JSRP1 (Junctional Sarcoplasmic Reticulum Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with JSRP1 include Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy, Itm2b-Related, 1 and Malignant Hyperthermia.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"KLF16"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KLF16 (Kruppel Like Factor 16) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KLF14.
     "
"LINC01775"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01775 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1775) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINGO3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINGO3 (Leucine Rich Repeat And Ig Domain Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LINGO4.
     "
"LMNB2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LMNB2 (Lamin B2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LMNB2 include Epilepsy, Progressive Myoclonic, 9 and Lipodystrophy, Partial, Acquired.
                                            Among its related pathways are Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade and Apoptosis Modulation and Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LMNB1.
     "
"LOC100288123"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100288123 (Uncharacterized LOC100288123) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC100996351"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC100996351 (Uncharacterized LOC100996351) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LSM7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LSM7 (LSM7 Homolog, U6 Small Nuclear RNA And MRNA Degradation Associated) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with LSM7 include Spermatogenic Failure 5.
                                            Among its related pathways are Deadenylation-dependent mRNA decay and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include U6 snRNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SNRPG.
     "
"MBD3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MBD3 (Methyl-CpG Binding Domain Protein 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MBD3 include Silver-Russell Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3 and Gene Expression.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include chromatin binding and RNA polymerase II proximal promoter sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MBD2.
     "
"MEX3D"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MEX3D (Mex-3 RNA Binding Family Member D) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MEX3D include Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis, Familial, 1 and Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis, Familial, 2.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MEX3B.
     "
"MIR1227"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1227 (MicroRNA 1227) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR1909"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR1909 (MicroRNA 1909) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4321"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4321 (MicroRNA 4321) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR4321 include Persistent Mullerian Duct Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mesodermal Commitment Pathway.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR6789"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR6789 (MicroRNA 6789) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR7108"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR7108 (MicroRNA 7108) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR7108 include Epilepsy, Progressive Myoclonic, 9 and Lipodystrophy, Partial, Acquired.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gastric Cancer Network 2 and Apoptosis and survival Caspase cascade.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR7850"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR7850 (MicroRNA 7850) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with MIR7850 include Small Cell Osteogenic Sarcoma and Conventional Central Osteosarcoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MKNK2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MKNK2 (MAPK Interacting Serine/Threonine Kinase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Akt Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein tyrosine kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MKNK1.
     "
"MOB3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MOB3A (MOB Kinase Activator 3A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MOB3B.
     "
"NCLN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NCLN (Nicalin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NCLN include Hirschsprung Disease 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"NDUFS7"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NDUFS7 (NADH:Ubiquinone Oxidoreductase Core Subunit S7) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NDUFS7 include Mitochondrial Complex Iii Deficiency, Nuclear Type 1 and Leigh Syndrome With Leukodystrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and GABAergic synapse.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protease binding and 4 iron, 4 sulfur cluster binding.
                                            
     "
"OAZ1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OAZ1 (Ornithine Decarboxylase Antizyme 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with OAZ1 include Geographic Tongue.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Viral mRNA Translation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include enzyme inhibitor activity and ornithine decarboxylase inhibitor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OAZ2.
     "
"ONECUT3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ONECUT3 (One Cut Homeobox 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ONECUT3 include Dracunculiasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of beta-cell development and Developmental Biology.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and RNA polymerase II regulatory region sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ONECUT1.
     "
"PCSK4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCSK4 (Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PCSK4 include Dilated Cardiomyopathy 1T.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FURIN.
     "
"PEAK3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PEAK3 (PEAK Family Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PEAK3 include Pulmonary Embolism And Infarction and Acute Pulmonary Heart Disease.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PEAK1.
     "
"PLEKHJ1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLEKHJ1 (Pleckstrin Homology Domain Containing J1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PHETA1.
     "
"PLK5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PLK5 (Polo Like Kinase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLK3.
     "
"PWWP3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PWWP3A (PWWP Domain Containing 3A, DNA Repair Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PWWP3A include Melanoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are DNA Damage.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PWWP3B.
     "
"REEP6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            REEP6 (Receptor Accessory Protein 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with REEP6 include Retinitis Pigmentosa 77 and Retinitis Pigmentosa.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is REEP5.
     "
"REXO1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            REXO1 (RNA Exonuclease 1 Homolog) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Ribosome biogenesis in eukaryotes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and exonuclease activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is REXO5.
     "
"RPS15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPS15 (Ribosomal Protein S15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RPS15 include Leukemia, Chronic Lymphocytic and Insulinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Viral mRNA Translation and Activation of the mRNA upon binding of the cap-binding complex and eIFs, and subsequent binding to 43S.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include structural constituent of ribosome.
                                            
     "
"S1PR4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            S1PR4 (Sphingosine-1-Phosphate Receptor 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with S1PR4 include Dermatitis, Atopic, 7 and Diversion Colitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and S1P3 pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is S1PR5.
     "
"SCAMP4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SCAMP4 (Secretory Carrier Membrane Protein 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SCAMP4 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Recessive 36 and Osteoporosis, Juvenile.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SCAMP5.
     "
"SF3A2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SF3A2 (Splicing Factor 3a Subunit 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            
     "
"SGTA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SGTA (Small Glutamine Rich Tetratricopeptide Repeat Containing Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SGTA include Central Nervous System Rhabdomyosarcoma and Pulp Degeneration.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SGTB.
     "
"SLC39A3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC39A3 (Solute Carrier Family 39 Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metal ion SLC transporters and NRF2 pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include metal ion transmembrane transporter activity and zinc ion transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC39A1.
     "
"SPPL2B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SPPL2B (Signal Peptide Peptidase Like 2B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SPPL2B include Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy, Itm2b-Related, 1 and Persistent Hyperplastic Primary Vitreous.
                                            Among its related pathways are TNF signaling (REACTOME) and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and aspartic endopeptidase activity, intramembrane cleaving.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SPPL2C.
     "
"TCF3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TCF3 (Transcription Factor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TCF3 include Agammaglobulinemia 8, Autosomal Dominant and Agammaglobulinemia, Non-Bruton Type.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Signaling pathways regulating pluripotency of stem cells.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and sequence-specific DNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TCF12.
     "
"THOP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            THOP1 (Thimet Oligopeptidase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with THOP1 include Trypanosomiasis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Agents Acting on the Renin-Angiotensin System Pathway, Pharmacodynamics and African trypanosomiasis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptidase activity and peptide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NLN.
     "
"TIMM13"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TIMM13 (Translocase Of Inner Mitochondrial Membrane 13) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TIMM13 include Mohr-Tranebjaerg Syndrome and Enterocele.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mitochondrial protein import and Metabolism of proteins.
                                            
                                            
     "
"TLE2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TLE2 (TLE Family Member 2, Transcriptional Corepressor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Activated PKN1 stimulates transcription of AR (androgen receptor) regulated genes KLK2 and KLK3.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transcription corepressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLE4.
     "
"TLE5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TLE5 (TLE Family Member 5, Transcriptional Modulator) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TLE5 include Aortic Valve Disease 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by Wnt and Ectoderm Differentiation.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLE4.
     "
"TLE6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TLE6 (TLE Family Member 6, Subcortical Maternal Complex Member) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TLE6 include Preimplantation Embryonic Lethality 1 and Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasm.
                                            Among its related pathways are Wnt Signaling Pathways: beta-Catenin-dependent Wnt Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TLE2.
     "
"TMPRSS9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMPRSS9 (Transmembrane Serine Protease 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMPRSS9 include Episodic Kinesigenic Dyskinesia 1.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include serine-type endopeptidase activity and serine-type peptidase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ST14.
     "
"UQCR11"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            UQCR11 (Ubiquinol-Cytochrome C Reductase, Complex III Subunit XI) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Respiratory electron transport, ATP synthesis by chemiosmotic coupling, and heat production by uncoupling proteins. and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include electron transfer activity and ubiquinol-cytochrome-c reductase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000267059.
     "
"ZNF554"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF554 (Zinc Finger Protein 554) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZFP90.
     "
"ZNF555"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF555 (Zinc Finger Protein 555) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF20.
     "
"ZNF556"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF556 (Zinc Finger Protein 556) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF555.
     "
"ZNF57"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF57 (Zinc Finger Protein 57) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF57 include Breast Medullary Carcinoma and Transient Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus.
                                            Among its related pathways are Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF709.
     "
"ZNF77"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZNF77 (Zinc Finger Protein 77) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZNF77 include Tuberculous Epididymitis and Bone Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and Herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ZNF555.
     "
"BMP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BMP2 (Bone Morphogenetic Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BMP2 include Short Stature, Facial Dysmorphism, And Skeletal Anomalies With Or Without Cardiac Anomalies and Brachydactyly, Type A2.
                                            Among its related pathways are ERK Signaling and Signaling by BMP.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and cytokine activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is BMP4.
     "
"CASC20"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CASC20 (Cancer Susceptibility 20) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"CDS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CDS2 (CDP-Diacylglycerol Synthase 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups and phosphatidate cytidylyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CDS1.
     "
"CHGB"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CHGB (Chromogranin B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CHGB include Pheochromocytoma and Neuroendocrine Tumor.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include hormone activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CHGA.
     "
"CRLS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CRLS1 (Cardiolipin Synthase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CRLS1 include Catastrophic Antiphospholipid Syndrome and Muscular Dystrophy, Congenital, Megaconial Type.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphotransferase activity, for other substituted phosphate groups and CDP-diacylglycerol-glycerol-3-phosphate 3-phosphatidyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is HDHD5.
     "
"FERMT1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FERMT1 (Fermitin Family Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FERMT1 include Kindler Syndrome and Skin Atrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Adhesion and Cytoskeletal Signaling.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FERMT2.
     "
"GPCPD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPCPD1 (Glycerophosphocholine Phosphodiesterase 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPCPD1 include Dental Anomalies And Short Stature and Specific Developmental Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Glycerophospholipid biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include carbohydrate binding and starch binding.
                                            
     "
"LINC00654"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00654 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 654) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC00658"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC00658 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 658) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01713"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01713 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1713) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LINC01729"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01729 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1729) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC643406"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC643406 (Uncharacterized LOC643406) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LRRN4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LRRN4 (Leucine Rich Repeat Neuronal 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ISLR2.
     "
"MCM8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MCM8 (Minichromosome Maintenance 8 Homologous Recombination Repair Factor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MCM8 include Premature Ovarian Failure 10 and Fanconi Anemia, Complementation Group A.
                                            Among its related pathways are CDK-mediated phosphorylation and removal of Cdc6 and E2F mediated regulation of DNA replication.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ATPase activity and magnesium chelatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000286235.
     "
"MCM8-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MCM8-AS1 (MCM8 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PCNA"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCNA (Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PCNA include Ataxia-Telangiectasia-Like Disorder 2 and Bowen's Disease.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Direct p53 effectors.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and damaged DNA binding.
                                            
     "
"PCNA-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PCNA-AS1 (PCNA Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with PCNA-AS1 include Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Gastric Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PROKR2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PROKR2 (Prokineticin Receptor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PROKR2 include Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism 3 With Or Without Anosmia and Kallmann Syndrome 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Circadian rythm related genes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and neuropeptide Y receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PROKR1.
     "
"SHLD1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHLD1 (Shieldin Complex Subunit 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TMEM230"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM230 (Transmembrane Protein 230) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM230 include Essential Tremor and Parkinson Disease, Late-Onset.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"TRMT6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TRMT6 (TRNA Methyltransferase 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TRMT6 include Thiamine-Responsive Megaloblastic Anemia Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and tRNA processing.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include translation initiation factor activity.
                                            
     "
"CLDN14"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CLDN14 (Claudin 14) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CLDN14 include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 29 and Perrault Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cell adhesion_Endothelial cell contacts by junctional mechanisms and Sertoli-Sertoli Cell Junction Dynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and structural molecule activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CLDN2.
     "
"DSCR10"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DSCR10 (Down Syndrome Critical Region 10) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DSCR10 include Down Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DSCR4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DSCR4 (Down Syndrome Critical Region 4) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DSCR4 include Down Syndrome and Gestational Choriocarcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DSCR8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DSCR8 (Down Syndrome Critical Region 8) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DSCR8 include Down Syndrome and Eyelid Carcinoma.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DSCR9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DSCR9 (Down Syndrome Critical Region 9) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with DSCR9 include Down Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"DYRK1A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DYRK1A (Dual Specificity Tyrosine Phosphorylation Regulated Kinase 1A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DYRK1A include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 7 and Intellectual Disability Syndrome Due To A Dyrk1a Point Mutation.
                                            Among its related pathways are Notch Signaling Pathway (WikiPathways) and Circadian rythm related genes.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include identical protein binding and protein kinase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DYRK1B.
     "
"ERG"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ERG (ETS Transcription Factor ERG) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ERG include Extraskeletal Ewing Sarcoma and Ewing Sarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are TarBasePathway and Endometrial cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FLI1.
     "
"HLCS"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HLCS (Holocarboxylase Synthetase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HLCS include Holocarboxylase Synthetase Deficiency and Multiple Carboxylase Deficiency.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of water-soluble vitamins and cofactors and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and biotin binding.
                                            
     "
"KCNJ15"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNJ15 (Potassium Inwardly Rectifying Channel Subfamily J Member 15) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNJ15 include Wissler's Syndrome and Hypomagnesemia 4, Renal.
                                            Among its related pathways are Salivary secretion and Inwardly rectifying K+ channels.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include potassium channel activity and inward rectifier potassium channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNJ10.
     "
"KCNJ6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            KCNJ6 (Potassium Inwardly Rectifying Channel Subfamily J Member 6) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with KCNJ6 include Keppen-Lubinsky Syndrome and Epilepsy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oxytocin signaling pathway and Inwardly rectifying K+ channels.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include inward rectifier potassium channel activity and G-protein activated inward rectifier potassium channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is KCNJ5.
     "
"LINC01423"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LINC01423 (Long Intergenic Non-Protein Coding RNA 1423) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"LOC105372795"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC105372795 (Uncharacterized LOC105372795) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"PIGP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PIGP (Phosphatidylinositol Glycan Anchor Biosynthesis Class P) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PIGP include Epileptic Encephalopathy, Early Infantile, 55 and Early Infantile Epileptic Encephalopathy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchor biosynthesis.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatidylinositol N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase activity.
                                            
     "
"RIPPLY3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RIPPLY3 (Ripply Transcriptional Repressor 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RIPPLY3 include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1J and Down Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is RIPPLY1.
     "
"SIM2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SIM2 (SIM BHLH Transcription Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SIM2 include Down Syndrome and Syphilitic Encephalitis.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include DNA-binding transcription factor activity and obsolete signal transducer activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SIM1.
     "
"TTC3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TTC3 (Tetratricopeptide Repeat Domain 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TTC3 include Down Syndrome and Cataract 4, Multiple Types.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include ligase activity and ubiquitin-protein transferase activity.
                                            
     "
"TTC3-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TTC3-AS1 (TTC3 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"VPS26C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            VPS26C (VPS26 Endosomal Protein Sorting Factor C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with VPS26C include Down Syndrome.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is VPS26A.
     "
"ADRA2A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ADRA2A (Adrenoceptor Alpha 2A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ADRA2A include Gilles De La Tourette Syndrome and Motion Sickness.
                                            Among its related pathways are Monoamine GPCRs and Signaling by GPCR.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and protein heterodimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ADRA2C.
     "
"BBIP1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            BBIP1 (BBSome Interacting Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with BBIP1 include Bardet-Biedl Syndrome 18 and Specific Learning Disability.
                                            Among its related pathways are Cargo trafficking to the periciliary membrane and Organelle biogenesis and maintenance.
                                            
                                            
     "
"DUSP5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            DUSP5 (Dual Specificity Phosphatase 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with DUSP5 include Lymphoma, Mucosa-Associated Lymphoid Type and Schuurs-Hoeijmakers Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Direct p53 effectors and RET signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include phosphatase activity and protein tyrosine/serine/threonine phosphatase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is DUSP4.
     "
"GPAM"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GPAM (Glycerol-3-Phosphate Acyltransferase, Mitochondrial) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GPAM include Body Mass Index Quantitative Trait Locus 11 and Diabetes Mellitus, Noninsulin-Dependent.
                                            Among its related pathways are Estrogen Receptor Pathway and Regulation of cholesterol biosynthesis by SREBP (SREBF).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity, transferring acyl groups and glycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GPAT2.
     "
"HEAT2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HEAT2 (HEart Disease Associated Transcript 2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the ncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR4680"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR4680 (MicroRNA 4680) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Interferon type I signaling pathways.
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR548E"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR548E (MicroRNA 548e) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MXI1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MXI1 (MAX Interactor 1, Dimerization Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with MXI1 include Prostate Cancer and Neurofibrosarcoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Hematopoietic Stem Cell Differentiation.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein dimerization activity and transcription corepressor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is MXD1.
     "
"PDCD4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDCD4 (Programmed Cell Death 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDCD4 include Colorectal Cancer and Tongue Cancer.
                                            Among its related pathways are MAPK Signaling: Mitogen Stimulation Pathway and mTOR signaling pathway (Pathway Interaction Database).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding and binding.
                                            
     "
"PDCD4-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDCD4-AS1 (PDCD4 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with PDCD4-AS1 include Breast Cancer.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"RBM20"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RBM20 (RNA Binding Motif Protein 20) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with RBM20 include Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, 1Dd and Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding and nucleotide binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PTBP1.
     "
"RPL13AP6"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RPL13AP6 (Ribosomal Protein L13a Pseudogene 6) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SHOC2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SHOC2 (SHOC2 Leucine Rich Repeat Scaffold Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SHOC2 include Noonan Syndrome-Like Disorder With Loose Anagen Hair 1 and Noonan Syndrome 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Ras signaling pathway and MAP Kinase Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein phosphatase binding and protein phosphatase regulator activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is LRRD1.
     "
"SMC3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMC3 (Structural Maintenance Of Chromosomes 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMC3 include Cornelia De Lange Syndrome 3 and Wiedemann-Steiner Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and ERK Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein heterodimerization activity and microtubule motor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMC1A.
     "
"SMNDC1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SMNDC1 (Survival Motor Neuron Domain Containing 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SMNDC1 include Spinal Muscular Atrophy and Proximal Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
                                            Among its related pathways are Gene Expression and mRNA Splicing - Major Pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include RNA binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SMN2.
     "
"ABCA1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ABCA1 (ATP Binding Cassette Subfamily A Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ABCA1 include Tangier Disease and Hypoalphalipoproteinemia, Primary, 1.
                                            Among its related pathways are Lipoprotein metabolism and Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include signaling receptor binding and phospholipid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ABCA4.
     "
"FKTN"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FKTN (Fukutin) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with FKTN include Muscular Dystrophy-Dystroglycanopathy  , Type A, 4 and Muscular Dystrophy-Dystroglycanopathy  , Type C, 4.
                                            Among its related pathways are Mannose type O-glycan biosynthesis and Metabolism.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transferase activity.
                                            
     "
"FSD1L"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            FSD1L (Fibronectin Type III And SPRY Domain Containing 1 Like) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FSD1.
     "
"NIPSNAP3A"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NIPSNAP3A (Nipsnap Homolog 3A) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NIPSNAP3B.
     "
"NIPSNAP3B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NIPSNAP3B (Nipsnap Homolog 3B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with NIPSNAP3B include Ischemic Neuropathy and Splenic Artery Aneurysm.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is NIPSNAP3A.
     "
"OR13C2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13C2 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily C Member 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR13C5.
     "
"OR13C3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13C3 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily C Member 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR13C4.
     "
"OR13C4"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13C4 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily C Member 4) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR13C3.
     "
"OR13C5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13C5 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily C Member 5) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR13C2.
     "
"OR13C8"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13C8 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily C Member 8) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2S2.
     "
"OR13C9"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13C9 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily C Member 9) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR13C2.
     "
"OR13D1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13D1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily D Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR2K2.
     "
"OR13F1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            OR13F1 (Olfactory Receptor Family 13 Subfamily F Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Olfactory transduction.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and olfactory receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is OR5T1.
     "
"RALGAPA1P1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            RALGAPA1P1 (RALGAPA1 Pseudogene 1) is a Pseudogene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SLC44A1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SLC44A1 (Solute Carrier Family 44 Member 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SLC44A1 include Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome and Papillary Glioneuronal Tumors.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism and Synthesis of PC.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include choline transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SLC44A3.
     "
"TAL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TAL2 (TAL BHLH Transcription Factor 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TAL2 include Leukemia and Lymphocytic Leukemia.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein dimerization activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TAL1.
     "
"TMEM38B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            TMEM38B (Transmembrane Protein 38B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with TMEM38B include Osteogenesis Imperfecta, Type Xiv and Osteogenesis Imperfecta, Type Iv.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include potassium channel activity and cation channel activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is TMEM38A.
     "
"MIR3914-1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3914-1 (MicroRNA 3914-1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"MIR3914-2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            MIR3914-2 (MicroRNA 3914-2) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the miRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"GALNT17"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            GALNT17 (Polypeptide N-Acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 17) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with GALNT17 include Williams-Beuren Syndrome and Autism Spectrum Disorder.
                                            Among its related pathways are Metabolism of proteins and Metabolism.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is GALNT9.
     "
"CALN1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CALN1 (Calneuron 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CALN1 include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 39.
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is CABP7.
     "
"AUTS2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AUTS2 (Activator Of Transcription And Developmental Regulator AUTS2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AUTS2 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 26 and Multiple Congenital Anomalies/Dysmorphic Syndrome-Intellectual Disability.
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is FBRSL1.
     "
"LOC101929109"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC101929109 (Uncharacterized LOC101929109) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"F2RL2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            F2RL2 (Coagulation Factor II Thrombin Receptor Like 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with F2RL2 include Achondroplasia and Thrombophlebitis Migrans.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and ADP signalling through P2Y purinoceptor 1.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and thrombin-activated receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is F2RL1.
     "
"NCRUPAR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            NCRUPAR (Non-Protein Coding RNA, Upstream Of F2R/PAR1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            Diseases associated with NCRUPAR include Astrocytoma and Glioma Susceptibility 1.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"SNORA47"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SNORA47 (Small Nucleolar RNA, H/ACA Box 47) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the snoRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"HMGCR"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            HMGCR (3-Hydroxy-3-Methylglutaryl-CoA Reductase) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with HMGCR include Familial Hyperlipidemia and Sitosterolemia.
                                            Among its related pathways are Regulation of lipid metabolism by Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) and Bisphosphonate Pathway, Pharmacodynamics.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include protein homodimerization activity and NADP binding.
                                            
     "
"ANKDD1B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ANKDD1B (Ankyrin Repeat And Death Domain Containing 1B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ANKDD1A.
     "
"LOC441087"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            LOC441087 (Uncharacterized LOC441087) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"IQGAP2"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            IQGAP2 (IQ Motif Containing GTPase Activating Protein 2) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with IQGAP2 include Lung Papillary Adenocarcinoma and Colon Mucinous Adenocarcinoma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Innate Immune System and RHO GTPases activate IQGAPs.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include actin binding and calmodulin binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is IQGAP1.
     "
"F2RL1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            F2RL1 (F2R Like Trypsin Receptor 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with F2RL1 include Pulmonary Vein Stenosis and Granulomatous Orchitis.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and p70S6K Signaling.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is F2R.
     "
"CRHBP"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            CRHBP (Corticotropin Releasing Hormone Binding Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CRHBP include Klebsiella Pneumonia and Hypoadrenocorticism, Familial.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Corticotropin-releasing hormone signaling pathway.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include peptide binding and corticotropin-releasing hormone binding.
                                            
     "
"ZBED3"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBED3 (Zinc Finger BED-Type Containing 3) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with ZBED3 include Maturity-Onset Diabetes Of The Young.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"AGGF1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            AGGF1 (Angiogenic Factor With G-Patch And FHA Domains 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with AGGF1 include Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber Syndrome and Frontal Convexity Meningioma.
                                            Among its related pathways are Oncogenic MAPK signaling and HIV Life Cycle.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include nucleic acid binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000285000.
     "
"POLK"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POLK (DNA Polymerase Kappa) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with POLK include Prostate Cancer and Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 34.
                                            Among its related pathways are Endometrial cancer and Gastric cancer.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include damaged DNA binding and DNA-directed DNA polymerase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is REV1.
     "
"COL4A3BP"	"
         
             
GeneCards Summary for CERT1 Gene
             
         
         
                                            CERT1 (Ceramide Transporter 1) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with CERT1 include Mental Retardation, Autosomal Dominant 34 and Goodpasture Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Sphingolipid metabolism and Metabolism.
                                            
                                            An important paralog of this gene is PLEKHA8.
     "
"POC5"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            POC5 (POC5 Centriolar Protein) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with POC5 include Scoliosis and Idiopathic Scoliosis.
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"F2R"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            F2R (Coagulation Factor II Thrombin Receptor) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with F2R include Thrombosis and Bernard-Soulier Syndrome.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and ADP signalling through P2Y purinoceptor 1.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include G protein-coupled receptor activity and G-protein alpha-subunit binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is F2RL1.
     "
"ZBED3-AS1"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            ZBED3-AS1 (ZBED3 Antisense RNA 1) is an RNA Gene, and is affiliated with the lncRNA class.
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            
     "
"S100Z"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            S100Z (S100 Calcium Binding Protein Z) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            
                                            
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include calcium ion binding.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is S100A1.
     "
"PDE8B"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            PDE8B (Phosphodiesterase 8B) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with PDE8B include Striatal Degeneration, Autosomal Dominant 1 and Pigmented Nodular Adrenocortical Disease, Primary, 3.
                                            Among its related pathways are Signaling by GPCR and Aldosterone synthesis and secretion.
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include obsolete signal transducer activity and 3',5'-cyclic-AMP phosphodiesterase activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is ENSG00000284762.
     "
"SV2C"	"
         
             

             
         
         
                                            SV2C (Synaptic Vesicle Glycoprotein 2C) is a Protein Coding gene.
                                            Diseases associated with SV2C include Foodborne Botulism and Alcohol-Related Birth Defect.
                                            Among its related pathways are Uptake and actions of bacterial toxins and Toxicity of botulinum toxin type D (BoNT/D).
                                            Gene Ontology (GO) annotations related to this gene include transporter activity and transmembrane transporter activity.
                                            An important paralog of this gene is SV2A.
     "
